He can take it back at any time .
So , in fact , the government can do no more .
What is to be done as a computer student during the holidays ?
Yes , I have just pumped that the Dead line was 27 March .
But I have no idea how to contribute , because I have done almost the theory of theory until now .
When Paris Match tells India &apos;s glorious trip to India &apos; he deserves more than ever the title of Emmanuel &apos; .
Even the capital of the capital boils down to its development , development , is at my side , with discretion when talking to the British television station of its shadow work ?
Here it is right that we have the right to these portables .
secretaries and employees are less visible .
On the other hand , everyone has dues .
Out of jobs : Fieré Montreal favours English-speaking English-speakers
So would you agree that , as a stranglehold , I want only workers ?
As I said , you are as worse as anyone else .
I am frankly not on that he would have stayed another year , he wanted to leave in 2016 before being convinced by Emery .
Anyone who was sexually searched at the door is Lucas .
After five months on the bench .
Grenoble : Provoc , Bertrd Cantat , is chasing and insulting by demonstrators against his Land concrete concert .
In the infinite GRAND – as far as it can be ( Balade Mental ) , it is likely to cause “ epilepsy ” crises , or otherwise , as existential verges .
&apos;insufficient participation &apos; &apos; dispelled during the Tories &apos; , but preventing its comrades from ending their duties &apos; .
In this respect , is Ghotery selling our data ?
I was shot in an info a short time ago to advise him .
The history of coffee in the administration ( not at home , fortunately ) : a service organised a small lunch for the service , with woolisheries , tea , soluble coffee , in short , a small pipe dream .
One day the management told them that this kind of expenditure would have to go through a public procurement procedure .
From now on , when they are doing their bit , it is a private company that deforms a type to make 60 miles with the bust and coffee .
Unless it sounded 40 bullets per week by providing for the first Marie Calawee ( which it is close to ) , it now costs more than 10 times the price .
Apart from that , everyone is being asked to make savings ...
Bah has done so .
It is now so much to complete it .
A move for beer and for this relationship .
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEMEEEEEEE .
This is because the nation start-up has other fighting .
France will emerge from &apos; macroeconomic imbalances &apos; according to the European Commission
The impression of Anti Macron here
We have changed offices , and now my colleague is sitting next to me , so I can see him on Redsays ( the noisy ) , but I cannot see what subtle he is .
Expectity , which is typical of the trap sector here , as it is .
In America , animals are less dangerous than arms carriers .
The cherries are well classified as well !
And I am not even talking about the follow-up , it is true heads of pigs .
It is better to be here tomorrow in the history of the world as a wasted children .
Of course , a balance of tracks is at the end of the process .
I hesitate to move the VTC licence to cumulate my translator activity while waiting to be sufficiently developed in the Web development for reconversion .
Do you think about it ?
( It would be more for the private driver than Uber )
Bertrand Cantat and the ordinary populist hatred of populist hatred
Cat was not part of a caste .
I was surprised at the black time that I did not want to see them turned into the TV and other sails .
Rejection for a covert of thesis ( 1 / 2 page ) programmed with suffering :
Free to TF1
And yet you have the right to a page , a little vein .
Whoever is snowing French moy thou ?
Libyan funding of the 2007 campaign
Do I know you how for your propaganda campaigns ?
You have a discord to you in which you have the word that an article must be referred to all national subs .
Michel Hazanavicius will not realise OSS 117 3 : &apos; I do not like the scenario &apos; .
Nan , but it is not the same thing to say that humour praises not because it is easy ( it would be wrong , the right cat like Dujardin or Carrey are rare ) and say &apos; no &apos; .
So , just to think about people will always be repressed , rightly so .
Ah , Ah , I thought , was the hallmark that Scenoon had a DLC .
Ah i , Baath , I am running in .
I am not going to go down for a DLC in particular when it is the very principle that I have .
Moreover , I was not even aware of the fact that Hyrule Warreors and Pkken were out of the first place .
There is also MK8 ( of course ) , Bayonetta 2 and Tropical Freeze , which have already emerged or will emerge this year .
Together with Mario Mker and Yosu World World World World , the Wii U is still losing its interest .
I wanted to buy one , but given the opportunity prices and the number of excluded people , I am going to let down .
SNCF : Why is ticket prices in danger of &apos; mechanically exploding &apos; ?
Even with collective funding , if you are 300 places in the tangle and at the proposed tariff you are 400 people who want to take it on your own .
A reference to a reference to Asteroux (
SNB-Deutsche Bahn
I know too well how it works between borders .
Here , it is the whole RE and sban trains , the more tragically metro .
Horde – French extreme right ( spring 2018 )
Out of the extreme right ?
I am not sure about that ?
I have noticed a few others on the flight : Hypnosterios :
&apos;The Americans had Steve Jobs , we had Paul Employment &apos; .
In many cases , no women have reported to use physical violence to achieve their goals .
In the case of 90 % of women , this is just not possible .
A woman of 110 pounds is trying to force someone from 160-200 pounds to have an unconsigned sexual relationship , good luck .
Egypt is moving its capital from the old one .
If you had a job based on your alias de Redsays , what would your position be ?
I will go into a com agency .
Compared to the opposite of what I am doing : I am boring like a con in an agency .
Benedict Hamon : &apos; I call on France unconditionally to use its solitary strategy &apos; .
If you say that the whole political class decay Melanchon , it is an argument to support it and not the other way round .
Hollande has kicked off the PS .
Is it not Meleson who went to the Mayor of Naples last month ?
Americans who discover the SPSS
There is no competition for the US on gatewaters , they are all defrauded .
That has already been done ! It has already been done !
Ya the head of horse after , but I do not know if it goes on .
If you read novels with a space vessel on the Ca cover , I think that in the metro the other day , a woman of 40 / 50 paves who face me .
Bonmond , a little mockery , a beacon and a shirt , with a Breton circus .
It is leaving a book of its bag .
Even one with a muset or other panels thought that I am in a position of contempt .
And the BM , full of Dan Abnett , a shadow de Gault .
I was not ready and tried to make a visual contact for him , but I did not succeed .
Self-management and 10 / 20 for all movements as it is not normal , but it is common in most facets , yes .
Toulouse :
5 % of students who are ultraliberal and who make up 95 % with con and debtor requirements ( gender destroying premises and preventing the holding of prices ) .
Vice stock will be a match for me ( and I will return to CS , but I find it difficult to navigate the Map with my ordi )
I do not know too much about the fact that the 3 % ( 3 % ) ratio is not 3 but 13 .
I am not surprised , it is always one of the 11s .
In 2013 , it had been abolished for two weeks following a fire fire that manages routes .
In that case , if people before Versailles take the C or the N up to Virofly Rive left , then you went through Virofly to Virofly Rive .
You can take the trams , but I do not know if it is worth waiting for .
It was an old council , I experienced the time when less than 30 minutes were put to make a Defense – SQY on the EU ’ s hotel .
The ten years of Air France : history of memoes
No , it is not pure nihilist , because you deserve the gang of small Naznons , it is he who should be shaped !
VPS instead of a Sedbox ?
For an Eedbox kimed it is clearly the best , not a good one .
That is true , thank you very much .
I say that there is a snapshot on the soup to talk about the subject which is of interest to us .
Was you the kind of person who went into the throad rank in 2016 to say &apos; yes but the tracks in Hillary &apos; ?
Inequality of electromagnetic waves : Ansians publish its ( sword ) report
As a result , who is driving alcohol : what do we do about it ?
I have such an outcry , except that it is not 5 beer but glasses and spirits of alcohol , in addition to beer .
I have tried several times to convince him of not driving but doing nothing .
One day we will learn that he has died or killed someone , I will not be particularly shocked .
In the end , we had succeeded in proposing to stay so that we can do X the next day .
Are you going to have a pause for any new novelty ?
At the moment I do not go badly at SC2 / PUBG / AoE2 in the classical way , in different ways .
My grandfather at the Indochina War .
He did not know that this photo existed before seeing it on the Internet .
It has melted into tears by seeing it .
He seems to be vying at De Funes / Bourburo .
&#91; ALTENER &#93; EVEEILE
There is a mouthpiece , and a paf !
After all , if people want to wipe out the Redsays ...
He says that there are creams against morgaons , he should understand .
Or you do it in terms of &apos; ah &apos; , so it is actually what they said to the coffee machine , really with morals ! &apos;
And , yes , I am a fool with a phone in user-c ... Putain , I have to invest in new cables when I changed telephone .
One for the house ( the one provided with + ) , one for the car , and one to move in my bag or tap .
Now , too , I have to buy fast catches because I have one .
And I should also change my USB battery for one in USB C.
When I have bought everything , they are going to get a new format .
Otherwise , when do you stop your window-dressing with the banners ?
Amiraca &amp; Puttou is the mec that makes gigantic and posturing that pollutes our frontline ?
I call for a film filter to mask its posters that damage the smooth functioning of our virtual lebensaum .
A French candidate Insubmitted to the legislature welcomes the murder of LCL Arnaud Beltro by a jihadist
It is a package of letters , but it was the format that influenced the writing .
Not all formats are equal , but they each have their advantages / disadvantages .
A response to 69 print is a half-tweet ( old ) , and I should not take this into account .
If not , then the problem does not arise .
If the size of the message is not important , what does that mean for you to do ?
Exucuchu Exoudiu
If we stop the terrorists during the Sarko affair – the world ’ s peace at the end of the world at the end .
It is a subtle way of saying to / u and TunaRieni that it is going back to the bottom .
Coucou , you are playing on what is on the sample at the moment ?
My DT1 copy is well known to use this ploy .
But it works more with me !
I already have sport in sport , and then I look to people .
Anyway , the latest pieces or you are listening to the old ones .
What are the most popular names in France since 1946 ?
People with a registered name tend to choose the best of both .
I know from Quentin Alexander that everyone calls Quentin ... etc .
Paris
Ah is a radical solution !
But from the coup ?
In the service of Auto , the baristar in Starbks asks me what design I would like to have on my glass .
I say , Gastin Barrette ...
Mummm no worse , but he does not have the stranglehold .
In my view , contacts , in the accounts , are synchronised .
Fortunately , changing Roma is a fig , or you say that in 10miln it will be done , and one week after you still did not have everything generally retrieved .
It is six years since I took the RER D every day .
I do not support the inclination .
As long as I do not see a chorus in train , I do so .
Car and cagmire are where I find my limit .
&apos;The crisis of non-Christian Europe &apos; , I repeat , is one of the mass athementary education : D , especially the Catholic Church , having invented things in 20 centuries &apos; time !
It is a sign of dying calmly without violence to leave room for more coherent frameworks of thought ( less imaginative friends and more logic and science ) to do something for the future .
OOrthograpNazNazi &apos;s mammoth
What is your &apos; accustomed &apos; privilege ?
The cheese and I have gone on a tuition basis , and he has given me the pieces of free cheese .
He also keeps me in the dark when he comes to the dog so that I can give them the dog .
I am going to test that ! I will test it !
22-16 after I was following Lartot for making a comment on action ( finally like hawb , Lartot / Galthé ) is the &apos; star &apos; pan of France TV , but it is a terrible one .
I have my needs and I am a celib !
( Most of all , I do not know a choice but a good ... )
I made the TMB once but it was a long time ago .
If pianists are in the middle , but all the professions who employ a cler are in the digital .
Well , I would like to see people burned on the police .
Rest agitated the Fuel para of anti-meltdown .
And Putin will be re-elected .
But we have forgotten everything in a week .
Notal tired fatigue is all about the toy , forcibly driving , silence , and I am much less tired of my current car ( even if it does not eliminate fatigue ) .
My old car was exhausted , unisolated , noise from the heavy engine ...
Only if you listen to the metal or Starway to heaven .
While the players of the Simas of Mario Party or Canny shun saga , they are violent all the time .
I thought , but it is the same and mourn as my &apos; normal &apos; account , and it even detects the pipe and the name .
Ca reminds me of the year when I had asked for permission to make a private forum for pupils in the college where I was working , and the answer was not because - I am not joking - in the previous College where the main work was a pupil , it was going to avoid problems ...
Why are you in my patronage to say such nonsense ?
Ya of culture in the US .
The culture of merchant , but culture .
The 2G covers about 99 % of the population , but the Free subscribers do not .
At the same time , the Free subscribers have no network at all .
I may well read history , I do not know where the tragedy is ... Ok would have misled its current woman , one after the start of the relationship .
This is dirty , but is it all ?
On 22 March : &apos; Everything was planned except that the management of the SNCF cancelled the trains &apos; , says Philippe Martinez ( not Moldova ) .
The only indicator that we have today is the number of people registered by the GGT for the demonstration of railway workers , which is just over 20 000 - provided that trains can leave , but I agree that the article is not clear .
I do so in the same way as I do for some of the articles .
Is the SNCF cheaper than the LE SAVEZ-VOUS road accidents ?
A Fouquuil--Brimir in TER costs less than a colonocopy .
It is a good recycling plan :
Can you not change B ?
The conditions may be more flexible ; the conditions may be more flexible . The conditions may be more flexible .
Nhope is not the same : it is not in the GRS .
Syar Syr
You are warm at the moment !
Are you going to deny all the news that is not suitable ?
Is this your recipe for salt ?
I take my salt to work : in an old plot of 50g or 100g : the vagueness of red wine - adding the whiff to the gate - I think it is not acid alone - salt , lever - mustard - to be shut down like a sheller .
You take the risks to bring this here ;
Now we are being tortured ( Ivla rhom race ) and I have just received my pay ... Vive the temporary and precarious employment that pays the 15 months !
Large air bisks !
Raaaaah , he is promoted this week and I said I am not going !
Matthias Fukl , France ’ s former foreign trade official : ‘ Europe will have to escape from its naivety to defend itself ’ .
Ah , and he has done what school to understand it to 40 years ?
The CGT , stuck in its nineteenth-century mentality , did not understand that it was overtaken by the 21st century .
The last big blow in 1995 was not neutralised by : Internet / teleworking / über and coveing / skype / RT in advance .
And it is this inability to adapt to their time .
Even this week , when they shared their secret plan ... by leveraging .
Salaues of capitalists at the service of the banks -
In Pacific Rm Um Uveing , &#91; John Boyega is playing a rebellion with a fuss who like robots &#93; ( / sniiler ) .
To put it another way : it has been said that people are unable to keep their slimps without a break of anvisme when we talk about a truce that has just emerged .
President of the &apos; nation of the nation &apos; surrounded by a &apos; team love &apos; - Macron will defend French-speaking French-speaking
Oh pudain thank XD , once the tupes have been made .
Pogba has been closed down .
When you think that people prefer Matuidi .
Is WPD illegal in France ?
I remember that , and I remember it .
This is indeed one of the most important .
Is the cry so much ... Prievil ?
It sounds like a wounded animal , so there is such distress in the voice that it glorified me with blood and my heart had to miss one or the other .
But what will be the next Russian President ?
But the Communist Party has made 16 % , almost as much as Méve !
Outside the circle , why is everyone Ping u / Frensoaria ?
But they are going to blow up and want to do so after XD !
In the scientific world , we are laughable about this . ( aka is putalogical popularisation ) .
The multi-ethnicity of our societies is the future , not as if all the countries that have experienced this have done so : prove me that this is wrong or I say anything at least .
Oh , unfortunately , the only Internet provider in my beaton .
Bienon , after years , it finally offers us a better start to announce who is going to raise their price .
When the wisdom shows Bernard Arfnault &apos;s wealth ...
The fact that wage work is an exploitation of the left , and to talk about both the private sector and the public , as if all wealth was collective , is also a left-winger .
Tell directly “ people who are not left-wing , ” it will be faster .
Unless you have realised that other people do not think they are .
Osti jen has been looking for a more young friend from a bottle .
But I still have misery to find out who ordinary suspects could benefit from this project .
The hordes of the bourgeois are going to come and go to the balance , social traitor !
Aweille Nunavut , continues as so .
The best thing is to have two different brand marks .
( There are less awkward EU )
&#91; META &#93; ban petitions and requests for signatures from political parties .
Are you going to answer all the posts here ?
I have recently learned that 1 out of 4 patients are infected with arts &apos; cancer refused full or partial subscription even if their chances of dying increase by 100 % .
Is there any mention of that ?
I had seen a stream on Nioh if I did not confer ( a bunch in medieval Japan ) .
That was also very much the case !
Do you have a pack or pound ?
Were you on a pack , has it been properly adapted ?
I am living in London in less than a month , and I have done nothing at a bank level , with insurance .
I do not know what to do .
I can imagine that I am going to have to open a point here , but I must come back to how I can ensure that I do so .
Those who did that , would you have advice on what I should prepare ?
I am trying to see what needs to be done before leaving , but the sites advise almost nothing except gender to have a valid ID card .
I will make it soon !
Are you just copying together and putting it into practice alone ?
The stem cells are very well recycled by stem cells .
It is said to be tortuous .
I also like baster and sparlippops , but a cake is duwise when I am more collutive .
And , above all , it makes it possible to make bicycle bicycles of several days / weeks right from one hundred per day .
He is not particularly pro-Macron either .
Are we going to sit and freeze ?
As a mammoth , I also have sons and therefore mourning ( minuscule , but nevertheless ) .
Finally , for me , it makes more sense than René .
Is it like heating systems ?
Coury , like the right of the same name that still exists to arbitrate certain things ?
No , I propose an avenue , I am not going to change a truth .
It is a fact that we are not !
Must parents , but in nursing parents when they come to look for their gods , talk to them ?
It is not the college / school where there is no contact .
My plan cannot be perfect !
Outside a forgiveness , I was talking about a boge-green instead of newfg .
Not even Internet policy , I am going to do so ( good go from time to time to read a good blow ) .
There is a very popular series of people preaching to the phenomenon of girls who save from their parents .
On Friday Culture - 2018-03-16 Ok , I note in my pocket .
Yesterday does not start what is to be done , I went on the &apos; 21 days &apos; reporting on 4 .
10 % of the adult population in France is affected by illiteracy .
One out of ten people !
Finally , black women are the only demography who voted for more than 90 % for Clinton .
Otherwise , I think it is the teeth maps ( so white ) that you write the number .
Ca care is easier and it is less disguised than a piece of paper and you can prepare one in advance .
Principles 76 / Tracer .
But I have a pool champion to filter the other roles : Wirow / Cancide in defense , Roadhog / D.Va in tank , Zenyatta / Mia by sup .
After the Elo Hell I believe not too much , coming from LoL , I know that , as a good thing , everything happens .
He made Downavo-parcit a patier copier .
There is little I can say at the moment .
Apart from my pot who calls me mini 2h a day because she finds my voice &apos; sexy &apos; .
I was speaking in a hypothetical but good way , as the Americans say .
We have a 10 years today today .
We must ask what dicinity ?
It was at 6.30 p.m. when you awakened !
She had a list and she reminded us of gender forms 20 mouths , and she had classified them as performance , so what you say is not surprising .
QS is a federalist plot , confirmed as a smog .
Proposal for culturally speaking banner : The Mirir Mirir of Magitte .
It is not convinced that it will go down in the banner format .
Of course , it is about the population of a / or two in relation to one / two .
A single post ( even on the FL ) at 1010 more visibility .
This shows that salvinii is moderate .
You can read the sentence in the sense that you want you to be a fake or a guso ( like you ) .
Every two days I see on Rudsays that Trump ( still ) has a connection , the only reaction is &apos; he is bad , but we will do nothing about it &apos; .
It is not possible , in France , if Macron had said half of the connections that Trump said , it would be ja guilloté .
Let him have a fair and fair trial and justice for : Khaled Belkacemi , academic professor , Azededdin Soufiane , father of three children , the owner of an Adelkrrim Hassane , the father of two children , the father of two children , the father of four children .
This is going to be a big marker .
The result is that I will no longer take the bus from my home town and go to the hub directly by car .
The RER will come from the southern shore .
/ u / A _ _ alchlach eman for the record of what Orange offer ?
They are in a shortage of kick kik &apos; rigolo &apos; , the rians .
Such a provision would be contrary to the &apos; Informal and Liberty &apos; law , since the IP address is considered to be a personal data , so it can be made public without the consent of the user .
And let us not forget a successful soup that has been a long time off .
I would like to make a political laziness .
And he will save us from our sins !
I apologise for being so brutally frank , but I find it reminiscent of such requests .
Meep , there are two possibilities .
Either you read , or please read .
If you read you , you will always find a trick , and if you do not read a bn in the bn , you are not very serious about it .
It is not possible to read a read for &apos; coming to a lack of intellectual thought &apos; .
It is by reading books that please give you a little thought .
Put well , you are well aware , as you said , of the SF , that is the SF &apos; s garden !
I believe that full of &apos; female &apos; is cool ( by contrast , you love us female , especially in the Italian ) .
Tas te a bookshop in a bookshop , opens up banners , scrap them , and find something of a symptom .
It is not easy to find something in the world today .
Let us get the Tic-March - 2018-03-21 thank you for a reply ( but not for gorilles ) .
Yes , if it is a night , but if it is a plan I think it is different .
There are people for whom they are shooting themselves and people for whom there is a need for a minimum amount of material .
But this OP , I imagine , is not necessarily looking for a night .
Is there an idea that I can find online ?
I poured him if you want , but not in A0 .
In any event , it lauded me laugh .
Do they not support the recipe ?
How happy is the Marseolans , but the rest of France ?
Do you want them to withhold all day if they want to kick at 11.00 ?
I also wonder how you know that there is still a chilling train , you have put cameras into the toilets ?
I , too , realise that my vote would have changed nothing in the light of the bad taste .
This competition is a lesson ( depressing ) on this sad tragic world .
This refers to the prematua ethyl spam .
I think it is a good start that we should be doing the same thing .
Not mince , it was on Monday sex .
We have to put up with the old ....
Preventing to look at the rest .
What I am saying when my boss surprises me on yu porn ?
No joke I have a dignity .
You will certainly do so , but I did so because why not ?
We must accept that people cannot use / understand Redsays .
And yet I think that we are well off the way .
But that is true .
Choly religious ( even anti-religious ) , but for the time I see it as a good child joke .
Is it the case that , in the dark , it is you ?
Moving to self-entrepreneurs ?
The functioning of the project is that there is a large project with full tasks .
I could charge the job or calculate a kind of horse-trading that they could spend .
I do not know what is best , I have tended not to love the clock too much .
In order to motivate people to speak a language , the media are what is most useful .
It is almost simply for the maintenance of France as a global power within the UN that Macron , who had only made French-speaking in his electoral programme , is so easy to turn his jacket to show the other colour .
But is it not for your interests ?
Thank you very much .
I confirm : I am a French .
Late to the day , but at the moment I am playing in titanl 2 .
Just the choice of words which ...
Yet there is a world between fatigue and impotence .
France is , in particular , in snow .
I have the opportunity to visit , but only in my dreams ... I think that living in Quebec brings me the most of that .
Rotkchelles make it possible to get away from this trustworthiness , in the vast majority of cases it is not useful to use a bulckhen rather than a good DB .
Unless it calls for a bullkhin to be sufficiently distributed to have third parties of skills and to prevent minors from changing it .
The first option is a public bulldozen , but I doubt that even Etherum will bear all the flow of chickens .
The other option is private whiskens with why not minors who do not have to make provision of work but are moved by a central authority and there is the same problem of confidence .
You have a good idea of AskRedis , a karma .
There was an appeal not to reproduce the book , not to ban it .
A terrorist act carried out by the American factions of or food .
The first thought is that France must see the atomic bomb , the second thought : it is not the pain they are going to die in their graves quite early in the day .
No , I have already said that the DDonald was unequal : then , in terms of hatred and brigying , there is a equivalence between the left and the right .
The left has subjugated subservience to Trump , subservient to links to others , frequent cases of calls for hatred or the murder of Republicans .
You have been asked , you have been used to do so .
If purchases of tickets ( icketeering , distributor , timebup , and so on ) are not kept up for a few years , the RATP Plus problem is not retained .
Fake News of the week , by the journalist Laurence Haim , a former spokesman for Emmanuel Macron .
The Bolt and bienteot Leaf 2019 have a A-ion bloc of 60kh .
You can make 300km .
Are you going to go a long way ?
I read a large part of BPRD that I like , but for opposite reasons : banal design ( not Micole where ) , but the scenario super ( I love this inexorable fall towards the end of the world ) is always worse .
No worse , my man !
Ca has not been raised in this respect ?
At least it is not already Chaedar , so if it is worse .
The shy of the stars ...
He has affected 25 people in total with their hands on what is enormous !
If he did that with a single charger , on the other hand , he did so .
Do you want to say , as xic ?
It turned out to be the Overawich League for this kind of behaviour .
It is true , and fodder fans , &apos; they dare to appreciate a truce that I hate , they are necessarily stupid ! &apos;
I admit that it was above all to add a layer that I said .
And has there been 19 carnivores different in metropolitan France ?
Eh … because of the banner , it is like daring .
EUR 70 for four buttons , it makes EUR 17.50 per botin .
There has been a White Paper on this .
There are still false , inhuman figures .
I have always associated this name with a little bit of friction , and a little bit to our first lady .
I would therefore like to see this in Overwatch .
It is a very marvellous and mosquitous approach to the mosquib and mosquitoes even if it makes 5 ° 5 .
He has at least made a great deal of effort to achieve this ...
( Heckling ) Why do apples bind once they cut off ?
Copo thinking of the Internet ’ s Internet .
I give you a pardon of the answer in 1 click ( that will surprise you ! )
I have lived in France for two years .
Thank you for everything , I do not want to leave .
I am missing in the metro , is it serious ?
Vladimir test and I think he should soon find .
Otherwise , what will be the next step ?
Individuals everywhere , the Crimea war ( officially Russia does not participate , but Vladimir distributes medals has soldiers who were at the front ) , and the Russian hackers flown the gist ( Macron ’ s ) .
Relations with Russia should be much better .
It smacks of metal ( or mourn ) for having received a paper asking it to do less at night .
That is not to say , but I have the messages that I am giving to my neighbours .
It seems reasonable to me that a French company should be held within a French company ... in 1831 on Friday afternoon .
That is what I have been saying since I had this pack , I am only using corflix Ico , I am not downloading , I have always been careful by sailing on the web and it happened overnight when I launched the PC .
Nor did I install any soft power , but the beol tool ( KMS ) can be decimated , and it seemed that it is very common .
I am using the BBox driver , putting 100 bullets in a new wheel , but I am not boring but seeing it .
But another cabinet , and never received a letter .
To think that a Hot Chicken alone is deductible .
I wrote a story that you are the online hero online !
The karmawing aspect disturbs me , as does the thousands of posturing after every death of celebrities .
My apportion crumbled then , and I did so .
The government wants to put an end to the status of &apos; shirt &apos; .
Are you in favour or opposed ?
In order to oppose the reform of the SNCF , the trade unions are planning 72 % favorable and 28 % in favour of the SNCF reform .
Do you seem justified or unjustified ?
Oh 63 % unjustified / 37 % , and the Air France trade unions are asking for a 6 % wage increase and call for a strike day on 23 March .
Are you aware of their legitimate claims ?
64 % not / 35 % / 1 % NPP PSP ; do you think that these movements of trade unions could lead to a complete deadlock as in 1995 ?
50 % / 49 % / 1 % -
I do not even remember my first time : (
Inevitably , the sequies have something of gender : science : Expert in ML / IA / Research Ingenator : Expert Logisky ’ s network and data pipeline .
The business analyst can easily replace anyone who knows the field well .
If you had two twestials twice when you checked , does it not make four in total ?
The game is constantly changing , persistently I love it so much then , and I am going to do so .
A great deal of progress has been made here at the moment , with a lot of tracks changing , and they are about to change all of the models of characters ( all of which are animations , armies , and not choice ) .
I am not interested in the fact that history is not interesting , but I have not been interested in it , but I had some good returns .
The argument that has given me an incentive to try to do this is the tree of huge &apos; talent &apos; , which allows the building to be built freely .
Unless you look at the forums , you see that if you want to reach the lake , we need an opti opti from the outset , and the rescued is so reminiscent of it .
As the lifting is chilling , not thank you .
First of all , I do not know when the game is being tried , but there has been a great deal of change - we have moved to three times the four memoes with difficulties different from ten acts to be done once , by persistently .
Secondly , it is true that if we are going to go far enough , we cannot go on .
But there is a huge amount of bands capable of doing everything ( in fact , with investment , almost everything ) .
The Internet guides are not always very fair , or easy to achieve for a dust , but there are ways to do quite simple and very visible to play .
After that , we must be prepared to learn a lot to play freely , that is very dense , not very easy access .
Incidentally , I come to the last point , mask if we now have a tue , but it is a horror to start .
If I have misunderstood what you say , and if I have misunderstood what you say , there is not really a alchemist , and the class that is the most flirtic in using the flasma is hyper-pleasant .
( and the vibro put it , it has the hybrid air to play , I confirm ) .
After all its gates , but I had to make a little of the promotion of the game !
I was speaking from a technical point of view ( the scientific approach , how the experiences are brought about ) , because yes , there is no report on it .
But by curiosity I want you to explain the different experiences - if not too long .
You know nothing about it , because it is exactly the same as that which has taken place . He has also kidnapped T-D from the frontpage because a constituent did not correspond with his political views .
I apologise - but a source is a bit biased .
I would prefer to see the agreement in the past personally .
What are the magazines , sites , reference channes on the French / French-speaking French ?
I do not know whether this is a reference , but I like Gotaga , Skyroz , Millum , Oserv Especially about Fortnitis Ma , making other games as well ; it is channes of buttons that vote on the vote .
An anti-trapping brigade is rife on our streets , and it is not a matter of any concern if , whether or not it is qualified or not , it does not cause any concern if it has values that are compatible with the work that has asked it .
If only the RRHs were not subject to the needs of heiners !
The societal debate is a risk to business , and so usually no default ( &apos; why take the risk &apos; is the default solution ) , in the same way as people obviously homeless are generally seen as problematic , why take the risk when you can just tell them that they do not match the expectations of the company ?
A modern bust requires standard people who will provoke as little as possible , a degree that facilitates integration into the box of “ standard ” employees ( that does not exclude minorities as long as they remain discreet ) , so why should a potential problem be added ?
Discrimination is very chrisdy and risky for a private drink , so avoiding the problem at the time of recruitment .
And it is not a job for the employer to look after the liabilities of his employees when he is looking at the liabilities of his employees .
Ca gives a chance to the bull that served his 10 years and decided more to betray the rules of society , but it also leaves the door open for the most virulent , some of their political / societal orientation .
The final balance sheet is not in a position to judge , but there is everywhere , and it is no bad thing .
Eh Slavonic defence is an opening of hein heiners . No 1. . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? is only facts , the research into &apos; NRA members &apos; increased by 4900 % after the arms control episode .
Since it is about its declaration of assets ( value of the family house under evaluated ) , not forgetting the other affairs of its party ( shadow employment , campaign accounts ) .
The article is pay , what are the demands ?
And the Killian is talking about this ?
In two years of post-bathing education I had 3 , born between 98 and 99 .
Then , then , a coup is called &apos; Killiane &apos; a &apos; Killian &apos; .
pensioners , &apos; privileged &apos; or &apos; milk cows &apos; ?
This morning , after a member of this wonderful generation : &apos; Mai 68 : young people are on the streets !
The horrible irony is not even clear .
It is a risky gamble for sovereignty , the left , social democracy and tutti .
The notion of sharing is clearly less there , but by doing away with it very well , is it not ?
Or I am going to miss something , or do I miss something ?
I leave it to you to do something about it , the fence to criticise France or Taiwan ; otherwise , why do you keep the French nationala ?
EDIT : and if a constituent really wants to swap on the back , it will hold the mill speech on / Singapore / Singapore .
Asaaaaaaaaaaah ...8 , 8 years later , I have just permeted .... I was told that I was going to go along with a fig because of the upvotes .
In particular , the feature of the sectoral sector is a small feature of a small sector , a small feature of the type , as a feature of the type , as a feature of the type , as a feature of the type , as a feature of the sector .
The only Internet service I do not have is Microond .
Jai 5mbs and 300 gg of the band .
It is almost impossible to play an online game and to put a vibro on the youstbe .
1 gg of downadad takes me about 1 hour .
The worst in the whole of its cest that my neighbour has 500 meters has optimal fibre .
The state is going to assign Google and Apple , I know .
But they are largely capable of knowing their sales by Store .
They know that the French stoy makes X .
If you are still awake , you will be aware that you have just been flying 1h .
Blén did not win an hour ... That is what is going on .
Bah in prit .
That is what is at stake here ?
I see no reason why it will not be legal to do that , with a lot of dogs .
Otherwise , I am going to buy the dog on the dog too , and I am going to buy it , after it is just a story to use it , not to exceed a certain amount of its weight ( remember 10 % ) and , above all , to balance both sides well .
Are you going to hear me under the rule ?
I have got it wrong .
Is this not yet a complete series ?
I experienced this series in 5th ( for more than 15 years ) , through a friend who lent me the tomb 1 in English .
After 20 minutes on the first page , I abandoned .
There is nothing very strange , but nothing horribly dramatic ; for more than 80 years , they die at home at a time when we are still standing well and with all their head , after an honest and full life , that is not far from ideal .
Of course , it is very hard for his family , and he could not travel for steering , so I write a letter of condolence .
It is possible to measure this gap ( for example : 13 seconds a month ) and configuration of the PC to regularly reregulate the clock with the reverse gap .
Of course it is terribly geek and of course it is planned under Linux and not Windows .
The &apos; hawcockyl &apos; programme and the &apos; / etc / adjtimet &apos; plan serve this purpose .
And , of course , with the omnipresent and NTP networks , all this is very much used .
As beet beet forgets the house cornions , the ketchp is so bad at home .
Let us talk about women &apos;s rights , it is 8 March !
The 11 consecutive calendar days , with a month of early warning , when the date of the birth / exit of Hopial is impossible to guess .
Otherwise , the light is the light of the eye .
Frankly , in addition to confirming the cliché that says that we are unpolite and pretentious connectors , you manage to misinterpret the comment of the boys and the law of 1905 .
In a mourning , this kind of futility is avoided .
Come a little , and before you read the freedom of expression , as well , to know that it comes with the freedom to do so and to learn what secularism is .
There is no way that it is discreet .
But I am detracting from alternating coffee breaks and geal quotas .
AJA , which &apos; slopes &apos; means &apos; who gives his name &apos; , and not at all &apos; who draws his name &apos; .
As lost a life of my own .
/ u / Retrolelex : old and philosophical discussions ( especially the nonsense of life ) / u / Canteloupy : divorce and ecology / u / Ziggythesst : a normal metal like many .
His individual responsibility commits him when he takes his house .
A responsibility begins when you allow it to do so .
There is a strong Paraniism , with no tax in what you show , it is a link to support QS .
At least it is the honesty to say that it is a good thing .
I would like all moderation actions to be consistent with my principles .
Otherwise I take this as a personal attack on moderation and even harassment .
The moderation should be subject to my sensitivity , but also to that of each of the suries of the sub , even if it goes against my principles , but I would be taking this as harassment .
Now you are demersed , but especially as I want .
When it lacks salt , the taste collapses completely .
I was unraveled at the scams .
How is it that the national newspapers , the Paris , and others do not speak ?
They are also affected by what I understand .
Can we buy tracks directly on Redsays ?
On the other hand , there is a great feeling of amateurism that emerges from all the colours that are currently taking place in Paris .
It is in France that we take the most time to eat .
What is it too fast to do ?
If we limit ourselves to a reshuffle or is the problem ?
and a metameuma for discussions on the metamea category
You are cheating , you are despicable .
Merde of my brother is at 3000 + hours on Diablo 3 , and if it is two or three times as much as a editor may have to be that I will be resisting him .
So let me stop with you . Nor do I say that it is necessary to spend its time and smoke together in the fringe , but not the human being is being done for &apos; all these inflow , repetitive , alienating , stressful &apos; jams paid for poverty , which everyone hate to do .
When the accusations of Communism were made , if I had seen a political system that I would have mentioned directly , I would not have amused a pad .
But , seriously , are you afraid to answer my questions ?
I do not understand you so quickly , but not what I ask politely !
The song of the Imtoler is rather inescapable ( and really less than they did before ) and very repetitive , but is that what works ?
How can we prevent people from putting photos of my child on Facebook ?
It is a very minor one , it is minor , you do what you want .
It is the legal guardian , you have the right to tell them that they are going to eat dawn in the Teves .
If you are already saying politely and kindly , and the debtors do not print , you are going to the edge of the day .
You always say kindly , but firmly , no , you leave them not to take a photograph , or you vip them from home .
Even once it is enough to get the message across , it will be enough .
The problem of families with typical people &apos; The Teves &apos; ( so almost all the families ) is that you cannot PAS send out a kind of nice message .
They are in their trip , and if you say something else you will be doing the service , and you will be ignored .
Genre &apos; oh pun he is chilling Michel with his rules there , it has fallen just four bottles of wine , we have got worse , go , and I read with you that ray still paves a way and takes me the clones &apos; without even understanding why their behaviour is neither accepted nor acceptable .
It is going to be reread in all cases , so much so that it is clear and quick before the habits are too entrenched , or that a daughter already has an instrraram + twitter on his behalf without any knowledge of it .
If they put them on the social networks without saying so , you point out and request withdrawal .
They have killed the consistency that remained : D D
I doubt that it is a good thing to be able to do so .
Do you have a mec that is attractive to advantageous physics ?
If ( or even partially ) this is the reason .
There is a provision of quality quality care : overwhelmed by the influx of patients , from the top to the top .
I know that it is complicated , but we do what ?
As it is a glory to find potable photographs of the first PM PM , I propose that no .
Do we need to abolish the Paris underground stations ?
Is it going to work on how if there is to be a number of stations ?
Two in three devices sold by Apple are still in use !
TLDI : 1.3 years of average life expectancy .
Ah , as it is , okay !
A good example of this changes everything : D D : D D .
Not enough from an iPhone
It is important that a either right or left is the right when you are so deep in your ideology .
What happens if you do not crown for 40 days ?
We will see when I will be in an EPHAD : D D
It is not a black word : &apos; ( finally if it is good that you are asking me ) Ca makes me a little bit of a bit .
The radio treaty has not understood the system .
You are cohort for the old , it is not a small pension on which you are accusing the US , so it is cozy for him now .
The French are the champions of duplication .
Especially after school or education , it is still very general .
Most of the things that are seen at the University of technology are new for everyone .
And whether or not they have done so is changing nothing ( by you know nothing in medicine in both cases ) .
And physical tools are either revised or not .
Striking every three months , and sisters when it starts off too late .
If sound hair is to pass , and you can go .
But we need good hair if you take too expensive and break : / / .
Jolie taken for Seine &apos;s quay .
Do you know what matos we need to fish ?
Instead of apprenticeship or deck ?
The FL is forbidden on the FL , it was obliged to answer :
Might it be possible for poppy of poppy to be used , if not etcetera , for a formalised A4 , a letter of acceptance in Pudlard ?
AJA : The XV of female France is a train to make a great chhem , OKLM .
What was meant to be a great chelm ?
It is not to emphasise a certain importance .
I am changing the clock on Saturday evening , I am just saying that I am a little late as that .
When is a repeat of who tells me that I do not have a good karma ?
Or everyone is being treated in the same way .
I will not give up my role as a pesticide .
Essentially , in the case of their VPS , they can install an entirely ready image that is seedbox .
For the currency , I have not seen a VPS with powerful CEPs and at a reasonable price , but it will certainly be better to continue to undermine the PC .
YOUR OINIION ON PHILAPPE IV
How to talk about Queen !
The club is in form at night !
Glorfindel and Aragorn on the bridge , before Bruen , on the way to the Nazles .
Thank you very much to the honourable Member .
I am happy : &apos; Bhoou good day !
Perhaps it is a cheque .
No Fap Challenge : is life better when we stop masking ?
I am not happy when I envy the brothers , I would like you to have the full scholarships and empty cages and never the opposite .
This is a phrase that is better summed up in my pastey : D .
I can give some advice to the reputable Aerphrage .
We must be aware that cigarettes , gaseous drinks , beer and an enormous list of food ( which you use on a favorite engine of research ) increase the amount of gas .
It is therefore a question of old age to an anti-fatality hygiene .
After that , I managed to circumvent this problem with the powers of the brain .
The human body is simple , and it likes the cycles , so try to force them not to give up on the job and to hold them at the right time ( in awakening , at night , at the weekend ) .
You will see that it will be very quick to comprehend and have problems with flastuce .
It is about hard when someone with whom you had real complicity must move away from other events : / Vauauer better now than gender after 1 years , and we are going to say : (
On the other hand , the singular media is no medium .
Price of Path of Radiance of Radiisce , which is not expensive , may be hard , it is one of the most expensive .
This is not the form of the form involved in the text , nor is it correct in the sentences of the text .
That would be the right thing to do : the person who is not resident at this address .
Otherwise , the doctor resident is rarely as adjective .
But if there is no agglomerate with , an adjective cannot also be a subject by saying &apos; the resident &apos; , but the resident resident , but it is cae and plastic .
( I have perhaps invented the last word but I am not writing an article .
Although I say &apos; yes &apos; to a Rule in favour of an article .
The EDIT : Premier and not past , pure slip .
95 % of the final words ( including it ) .
Clearly what I wanted to say .
Let it be covered by gold !
Not to do the HRP , but if there are more general questions about the rank / equipment I can answer them .
What do you think about positive discrimination ?
Ri , you think that positive discrimination for hiring or toole is going to create fears .
Ri , too , believes that social aid also creates fears .
It is more consistent , what do you want to say ?
Relip toi mec and I am talking about coherence .
However , the careless macro-man is destroying the public service ...
And I return to civilian in a month &apos;s time .
CSD - 15 March 2018 fans of Trump fans the same pointers as VSD and the media ( cool ) with Macron .
Companies are closing down ( ex-Toys “ R ” ) , then macro is preparing a law to punish the unemployed .
So long as MMA is still hot !
However , we were there before ...
Or I said we had to go under Arch .
The word &apos; soft &apos; in the duties of primary school
The insularity of thought is a fig that I find hard to see as anything other than bullish .
Ca was particularly damaging in Third World countries , where intellectuals joined this irrationality , even though there is a blatant need for rational speeches to influence the real world .
Before you park us out , from Dida it is rational .
I have the impression that you are keeping things in check .
What were your wishes on Parcursup ?
I do not know the French / French stalls on users , but I think that the 16 / 18-year section should not be in large numbers .
Frankly , what urgency do you have ?
Dreams on the streets asking for 06 ?
And what is the fault of men if putting a gasolosm on a yoghurt pub makes it sell ?
( There are many Mexican people here ? )
In particular , it is a feature of a characteristic feature of the so-called typical , typical , sectoral feature .
It does not allow much time to be educated , to study glyallic indees , the influence of such a nut on health and to take time to examine each product &apos;s nutritional contributions rather than direct the promotion .
1 - the US administration has only to get a rank of colours and punish owners of the large distribution if they try to pass on the cost of regulation to the purchase price of their products . (
If we talk about rising prices on dietary products , I see this as an idea to be developed .
A dietary tax could even be used to tax bad products and lower the price of healthy products . (
2a - following a logical line , one can almost say that all regulation on clopics packages is unnecessary because everyone knows that it puts cancer .
3 - one can only imagine that , in the long term , a better-fed population will be happier , productive and healthier , and that all this will burden the rest of society financially .
In all cases , are they starved for 24 months ?
AJA that the French are all trade unionists :
Zimbabwe has a major problem : Chinese condoms imported into the country are too small .
I can also confirm that we have carried out tests and have been diluted from the result in the Framalang voluntary translation group ( good , after then , it is not really used , given that it takes away the whole fan in our collective work ! )
Very widespread in society and accepted as status status .
Here in France it is already going on less ...
There is a ploy ( made for the most motivated ) , all faints , a little cheese over to mask all of this , and pad the way !
Facebook is sinking into the crisis .
Microsoft with W10 is the same now , it is a banner of this OS in terms of data security .
When Apple , there is a huge difference , on MacOS , it is that you can still flout Apple Store , iTuna or Safi in the bin without making the OS unusable and then the Linux solution remains .
So the 24-year metal : installed in the apt after two renchers and shellfish in a pious breath since then , knows no pasta , conforms to salips , does not make a joke , feeds exclusively on friction and nuts and does not pay their share .
It seems to be a champion of a champion , as it were !
I do not know for Lebanon , but I would advise you to give a card as long as you in France are not dependent on the Internet .
At worst you use what remains in France in euro .
Ca has come up for me in the US .
I even won 2-3 by buying and selling bars with the apt .
DES FAFS PORTOUT
It is not a mec that says that it is dreaming of photographs and helps it to evaporate for a moment from a daily newspaper : score , 1 point a mec that says that these dreams are the guest , and the reality is worse than the milk daily : score , 12 points .
Perso , when the envy takes me to evaporate in my imagination , I have learned that either alone or with my foreign friends .
I love my country , but it is a pun that we like to pull others down .
Out of the fact that I am at last in favour of the telecoms , you are Orange , with the majority of the fibre , which is embarking on a lot of tests on 5G .
I watched 200 modern-day contributions , which is just in sybile phrases .
In short , it is hot air , with hollow not an argument you have in the litterary in &apos; the unknown in the home &apos; .
The concept of France , which oppresses its colonies and plates their raw materials , sounds good , but it recalls Mrs mihu &apos;s history in the second , but specifically you are referring to what ?
( I put the question seriously ) I do not see too much how the peasant Ateergnat or the Breton fisherman benefit from the &apos; others &apos; money .
( Apart from European subsidies , but they were created for precisely that purpose )
No BT default can be anticipated or minimised faster .
&apos;There is no objectivity for women in France &apos; .
Stop this bikini to your four-year daughter .
Yes , she does not have any sins .
There is nothing more to say about what is going on and what is going on .
And automatic vaunting of the six months when blockades prevent prices for several weeks
More seriously , because I started too much on the troll slope , I would not call it a fair intention to be vigilant in the measure or post ( from frenc-murder ) , because it makes the amalgamation between T. Ramadan , Muslims in general and the plot theory .
And , of course , all of this applauds it .
So it should be corrected , in my own way , but correction .
One can practise his faith , not know T. Ramadan , and refute any plot theory .
In my view , the number of refdder who brings this back to railway workers , strikes or blacks on Thrup ...
Checked from the mentality of the queue
Crisse is beginning to be a good gang !
It is like a Fesfo meeting or what kind of gender .
I thought that the French thought that they were superior to 73 % .
The French are false modest ones ...
First of all , it is a twin-track front for him !
No , the bicycle , too , may surprise .
That is also why they have reserved routes , and if not a small carpet to prevent pedestrians : I use it and abuse when I go through bicycles , some think that it is &apos; release &apos; when , in fact , it is &apos; attention , bicycle I saw you , but not you &apos; .
So bicycles , silent , have something to do with pedestrians .
Without employment , you are less in the market ( because the recruitor knows that you lose money if you do not accept ) .
If it is properly negotiated 4 months , it is perfectly possible ( especially with a move ) .
Or it is also possible to negotiate two weeks of unsolicited leave using the previous tone of the previous employer .
Typically , when he asks for dispos you put on the table the fact that you are 30 weeks of notice + days of leave , so if you sign at the end of next week this would lead to ...
After all , it is also a bit of an excuse for the Americans to get rid of Clinton and the democrats for having failed their campaign ... the fact is , many have voted as disorder .
In view of the CIRF , Macron refuses to recognise Jerusalem as Israel ’ s capital in the stars .
He really teaches his mother &apos;s race .
We must read the comments and watch the videos to the end .
I confess , a mec that cries &apos; dirty fauco &apos; may actually be an admirer of Mussolini .
So they have shown publicly that you do not know what antifa means .
It is not a mirror ; it is not a mirror .
Outside you , you do not know what is incoherent than antifa .
It is not they who are making them , they are asking their cronies SO or flip to procure them .
Infers threaten physical violence , that is different .
And there is no evidence that it is antifa .
I have the impression that you are taking up the people who think that this is a tortologist of you .
It does not work like that , but it does not work like that .
You should really look at the video .
We are going to agree that you have a comic of repetition ;
If this is done now , it is necessary to reflect on the documents that you have been consulted on by what you obviously do not understand .
It is not an antifa that is the fascist knife of a mantle .
We need time to digest a name .
What is striking , moreover , is that the new names are sometimes tested on familiar animals .
( sorry for the animal cause ) Think a Max or Isis .
This video , and this chain generally deserves your time .
What kind of friendly response to the poet who is announcing Heredia , Rimimaud and Mallarmed ?
This is an albroser - what I am saying , a gypper , who is watching the replication of our humanity !
The post that only gets votes because it is not too strong on the majority of the sub ( EES and center-left ) , when it is hard , is shrouded by mistakes , and mute .
Bah no , the FN and the UPR are parties , so we need a card to be really a member of it .
There is literally nothing to be done here .
The NPA , on the other hand , I confess , I am not familiar with it , but I do not doubt that many want to harm it .
I will be in France for a month .
What cities do I have to visit ?
Versailles ( his house at least ) .
At least one Chastle of the Loire ( Chamsberg ) .
Brittany are clearly forgotten in a list when it is not .
Do not go to Nancy , but it is sad to die .
The fact that it is based on gold makes it independent of the monetary system based on the &quot; core &quot; ( QE , central bank printing ) and , in particular , the dollar , whose value depends on the oil market ( not enough US gold to guarantee the value of the currency ) .
Even complemented by the CFA franc ... the fact that a 2011 report from the IMF ( under the chairmanship of DSK ) , which more or less confirms the viability of this alternative currency , poses a risk to the US dollar , based mainly on oil transactions ( they do not have enough gold to cover liquidity in circulation ) .
Grom risks the dollar / ....
ALLELUIHA warns ; in any event , if there is one thing I am sure is that the war in Libya in Sarkosy was not in the interests of French or French , but in its own and that of his &apos; clan &apos; .
You will make a comment to the families of the 56 French people who died in the Libyan state attack , the Bulgarian doctor and nurses too .... - I am sure that putting an end to a European regime or national is tortured and raped ; it is not in our interest / S .
... that is the morning .
We can start with the title of this video , which is more of the crown than you really do .
He was just below the point .
You are often wrong and history makes you wrong .
I agree that there is something to be love .
When would you have been right ?
It is very practical to import data !
I use a dull called Openoml for that .
It is a change to life !
It is not the mother of the mother .
To make a difference between a number of voters for Trump , and a percentage of voting .
Not only for an attempt at homicide but also for the sake of damage and interaction .
In the same way , these people are rejected by society or largely disadvantaged , why are you waiting for what they want to do for others ?
Who egg or chicken ?
Society could be a little wiser than its own .
Outside Denis and noisy .
What a limit that will be .
Yes , I thought , but not !
I have just overturned my coffee on my office and my jean , the day starts well .
To see who has not read the article ...
Who are SDF living on the streets of Paris ?
They do not have their nationality , diplomas and prio .
GAFA : A tax between 2 % and 6 % according to the Mary
It is far from negligible .
To follow the discussion too , it was said that 2 % of the RCBs make up 10 % of tax rates , EC BITI TRES PU .
Otherwise , investors &apos; flight ...
There is talk of taxing on a turnover , what is the neighbours going to do about the Center of goopolies or Facbook in France ?
Nothing !
I am going to make a lot of money this week .
Perhaps this evening I must see if I have everything !
It is also a good thing for us to be able to do so .
It knew that mines were not too safe , that is why it takes the risk of going through mountains ( which do not kill them ) , and the palar serves only to spy ( connecting ) from other palars .
You are making a paf apt , you can read on the name of the pupil , you are sending a sm saying that it is a charity !
Social Meda , a reality , but when you add daily newspapers to that ...
Outside the end of the cake that I do not see why you would continue to have made queues if it does not tap anything .
( Yes , the skins are of nothing )
To cut 40 % of the income from it makes a nice leg when you reach a SMIC , beyond that , if you want to keep a standard of living !
( and , frankly , an interest in predicting a war treasure as soon as annual incomes exceed 30K by what unemployment is really not security in this case ! )
The bakery has come home in my home country , and it has made glory , not uneven .
What is to be expected of the Desjardins Movement ?
I am going to give an index , they have a queue in the branches .
Science has shown no evidence of the fact that there is no God , it has not proven that it exists .
All the bids of the Sas Act are dreadful in fact , but the Cunard ships ( especially Queen Mary 2 ) or Ponant , for example , are more elegant .
Let us not generalise when mesh ...
In the Martine ... Haha , the memoes of Martine , which are always so cheated , but always so funny .
That was what shocked me in Chris Rok &apos;s hearing : there would have been everything in the public and there would have been a lot of blank and white in the public .
We can see that there is still a long way to go !
EDIT : Yes and white / black differences , we are still there , the cow !
Bauudillard is anologist , Marxist too .
The two exist much more in the Anglo-Saxon world than in France .
They have survived from the Americans .
By chance I am :
I am also a great deal of butchers ( just fine pastures or revenue ) and photographs of animals ( as is actually the case ) .
You can also follow ags , that can help to discover interesting profiles .
What sporting camera for 15 days ?
Yi 4k is the famous camera that has been giving cold sweepers to Goado for years .
She is fully in the budget , and video quality is really good ( comparable to a Hero 5 black to $ 100 more ) .
On the other hand , it is not ideal and it needs a bottle to go .
I do not know if she can resist the rain .
You also have the hero 5 session which can be interesting in terms of using it .
In any case , you would find a huge number of non-expensive by-products packages on Amazon to equip it anywhere in the world .
As I see it , I would like to see the special characteristics used as a feature of the other type sector as a type of response , but as a feature , but as a feature of the content , as a matter of course .
Were we to vote in favour of the citizens of France ?
The same principle
I do not think he upens the passport .
The dock is in doubt .
Saudi Arabia , it is practical .
No , look at his history , he really thinks what he writes .
It is not a bull , just a boring caveat in the extreme .
In Pole Employment they have not offered me anything except retraining training .
This particular list , in particular , is rather not a bad one , and it was also via the Commission that I found the contacts of the post-tank on which I had an interview .
Then they gave me a positive answer because people from their labours know many people of my own , who are a little bit of a man and if this is not a success , I have qqn who can offer me something else : the network !
And , yes , we must be in the right place at the right time in the right time , Argh Argh , I have a doctor in the genetics who has been proposed to become butcher ... she is vegetarian .
This depends not on the relationship with him .
If you listen to him better , I would like to say that you just want to get the talks right at the moment .
If you know nothing , you say nothing .
If it is neither you nor you do it .
“ Napoleon III Vistitg Flood Victim in Tarascon ” pintig by William Adolphus Bouguerau 1856 .
Ah , but it is not the South West &apos;s Taraston , it explains every park that I did not understand there with an altitude between 463 and 1,187 , how they could be flooded ( South Taraston ) .
Nonononon , you have kept a mornique for Mrs Stardust .
Finally , was it not a political story ?
Gene the mec opposed the ruling party .
It may be to be more clear ; in any case , it is good for the tap !
My brain has broken down : I have had to say : &apos; The end of the day &apos; .
Do you ask what , and how , in particular , do you ask ?
I think it was cheaper than now .
The spirit of the rug would have an idea of bar peinard and a sign to the 9th .
Open work ( 22 / 23 )
At the limit , you can count on the alpha / beta deen , but in 99 % of the cases as they are bought in the hands of the game .
For me at the beginning , there is a need for a couple of typical chases ( DPS / SUP / TANK ) , and after the start of a hero bath that you manage rather well in every class as well .
But if you have been playing only a week ago , it is better to have all the buckers to seize mechanics and learn how to counter every hero .
Too much time is passed before I pie ...
It is nice , gender with a pigk .
It is not the air because , overall , Japanese incomes are less equal than those of Canadians .
The Ghana index is 37.9 , while we are at 31.6 .
Do you use the French cler under Anright ?
I am trying to use AnySofyKeyard , but the French package is pretty disguised .
I seek a fig with a botched dictionary ( Dicollection ) , and above all haves to write in good French ( French guests , apostpipher typographical ) ...
Mr Aha has just changed them .
You just have more time to recover after an arrow evening , but still have plenty of time to do so .
On Monday morning - the trade that comes with a project to be made for the very day - the 3D report - the paroks that fly in the offices next Monday morning - on Monday morning
What is the difference between a pedestrion ?
What was Rimauaud ?
You also illustrate what I am talking about .
The new tactic of the members / the Adddon to counter the encryption and fascist maker of renowned administrators .
Is it a fake or is it true ?
I have filtered them even before it was possible on the back of the coup .
How do they do so in order to have so many votes ?
We should make a sub in order to insult them without knowing that !
That would be courageous !
And for the first you are putting the gooks in order to take the goodies .
Sten is with the charger on the side .
I have a 28-year-old pot in Ogame : / /
The New War ?
At 97 days of the World Cup , these are the potential players of the team .
What a potential potential !
For a small winner like me I am glad that my plan for easily flowing was successful .
However , what can be explained to me about this sudden wave of achievement when it has been marked since the creation that Facebook is just a personal data aspirant ?
People are blind to this , or is it how ?
Whoever with the lawyer , &apos; to review the high &apos; - &apos;
That is why I said &apos; with a later software &apos; .
I also have a code on my PC with Ubuu during the journeys , but I am code for myself .
I am not paying more for raising at 5h and returning to 20h during the pro journeys .
I am not going to work for my drink on the train ...
For the time being , I think I am still far from the end , I will see this in a few days &apos; time : is there a DLC , if I buy it after I started my part ?
Also , is there a particular or fair reason why it is too obvious ?
But ... it is the merchant .
Why is it a marker ?
( Leckling : I got away from the knees by leaving a waste bag of a dustbin ( on paper , 1 / 2 empty ) ) .
( White actor do )
Aaah , but these are people who are coolly !
We have just been drowned 3 with a pot , and I have enjoyed a great deal ( the first souls I play ) .
It is quite appropriate to play in the mantle with a pot , given that you often love the mantle , the mantle often revolves .
How are you going to be blocked from ds3 ?
I think that my pot is besieged at the top of the game , which would do us a good job , given that we have almost finished down .
It is all very well to hear the banks cast doubt on the independence of all media ( held by 9 billionaires ) while journalists have no ideological or political connection with their owner and claim that the Media is completely independent of the FI .
Surely we should not take ourselves for fools .
Harry is a beacon , but a powerful one , and Ron is a true good sidek that is flowing .
Will you finish everything except a beer ?
I know , but at the end of the day it is I that the customer will beg for his offer and like Jsui a garol garol , jumble at best .
I do not think that it is the gene to receive its 3d tomorrow .
How can we eat the French and the French ?
We need to eat at noon at lunchtime .
A real meal , not a sandwich .
It is better for the main meal to be at midday , not the evening , contrary to what is used to doing .
With a real meal in the stomach , you are less hunger or less .
Then there is nothing to prevent a collection at 16h or 17h .
At worst , you do not even take a small brief case in 18h by returning home as 1 or 2 biscuits .
Nor do we want to cut back on hunger and the risk is to raise the appetite for appetite and too ( and badly ) eat at this time .
Food quality also has a great impact on the sensational sensation .
Putting fat and proteins to lucide makes it possible not to have hunger for longer .
Competing demonstrations : accountability or settling accounts ?
And , at 8 minutes , she said the other .
The problem is that when it annoys me , I do not know about it , and I do not know that : / and then she has no one and I am the end of the month .
Wé , it was the political correctness that led the way in which the school was full of Jews .
Nothing to do with his Nazism , dirty SJW .
Think of putting Androd in English
But the wording , the question , in short , was about you :
I was still in Grenoble for a long time , but now I am in Paris : ( finally , I am going from time to time !
Bin in general likes selling ;
And then they do everything to destroy ET Melceon and the Media , for the benefit of hammer hammer .
I think I am going to test all of this , and I think I am going to test it .
Do you orders them where there is bite in general ?
In his cartons I found &apos; the book of the wife &apos; , with a manuscript in the form of markings &apos; to read in full and before marriage if possible &apos; .
I felt that the content could be collected , and I did not doubt how much .
Ca amused me at the beginning and then read on one of the causal sites that still sell this book : &apos; Pierre Dhome ( pseudonym of Father René Boisseot , S.J. 1898-1959 ) .
There is a pot on the table .
Not long ago they were looking for Ousama
The moderators chose to draw inspiration from the French rules , which , in my opinion , are better to hold a calm debate and avoid all of us wanting to kill .
The Americans are to make a sporadic bag where people are only talking with people in agreement with them , and this is due to the rules of debate .
I can be a sponsor in this regard ?
Oh yes , it did everything :
The power of the port of Havre !
There are certainly really major steps among them .
And I am betting that they are all ‘ Made in Taiwan ’ , heaven … I say that .
For reasons of privacy and security I am going to say &apos; go if I am dispo , I get the beer back &apos; .
But if I am prepared to send a letter or worse a E-COREPER with chatter !
And cats , we all need cable .
In fact , privatization began the late 1980 ’ s , after a period of fraud ( it is the country of the yakuza , we must not forget ) and a decline in the number of passengers ( crisis forces ) .
As a result , the government decided to start privatisation by creating semi-private enterprises by regions ( 6 ) .
But , by still having a hand .
Indeed , it was the early 2000 ’ s that some became private ( not all ! ) .
But at the end of the day you are the JR Group .
So you are a semblance of competition , but ultimately it is the same company .
And then the ministry of the Terrians , Infrastructure , Transport , and Tourism still has a say .
Japan is quite special because you always have a semblance of competition and privatisation , but the state is never far away .
Whether it is voluntarily or unintentionally because politicians are very unfriendly to big business .
I always have a problem with this , the people who take their teeth .
And those who take their heads to the mass ?
I wanted not to “ attack ” by saying that it is not adult to be like that .
I assume that this is a matter of preference .
I agree with the change by contrast .
Does he have any gold regression in kitchen , temperatts , things have not done , as far as cooking is concerned , the eavles have not mollified and how their flavour can be revealed ?
From laugh before vegetables , but after the meat , when the oil in a pop is still in place !
Is there a consensus among the French people on immigration ?
The media are immigration .
I differentiate &apos; I have the right &apos; - I can ask and do it - it is not prohibited ( and the person with the right to refuse otherwise ) and &apos; it is my right &apos; under my constitutional law , you cannot deny me .
In general , a pro-IVG feminist committed to hearing the second case of the word &apos; law &apos; in his sentence .
I am not allowing the benefit of the doubt , but I do have the impression that they often mark the word law when we talk about IVG as if it wanted to convince it that it really was a constitutional right .
22-16 (
That is the problem of life in society .
I look forward to TV and I am not listening to public radio .
I do not want to have a child , but I do pay for those of others .
I am not in one .
Does it reduce absenteeism , but is it desirable to see sick pros burned before pupils ?
Please do not hide .
And , as it makes it deaf , it has no chance of having heard small pointers salient .
The Culinaire : How can the rest of Putin be warm ?
A bit of fresh cheese added to a pot before heating it to the oh or mini oi is faster .
It is a mockery of butter .
One might be an idea .
Frankly , it is not the easiest pie that has warmed up without a great loss of quality , but at least the mini oc is much better than the microphone ( yk ) .
It is not a bad thing to know what is happening in the world .
Then it is private money , so I am running a little ( but not so much , I have Altice ’ s actions , bought after their fateful results ) .
It says :
The ratio I quote is debt / ebitda , the SNCF is 11 , compared to 3.5 for Deutsche Bahn .
In particular , as part of the sectoral sector , as the true feature of the sectoral sector , I feature as a feature of the sector , as a feature of a sectoral nature that is characteristic as characteristic as a geo feature .
I am reviewing it where for coins ( which is my first crow as far as I know a little more ah ) ?
We do not realise that this means ... $ 30 000 / GB !
Slovw .
The better one : always the five same heroes , but each has 3 specializations ( most of the time DPS , distance , and tank ) , every specialization is characterized by active competence ( a dash , a space station , a precise distance ) , and passive capacity ( attacked when you triple 3 enemies at the same time ) .
Moreover , you release talent ( specific to each specialisation ) every five levels .
The masses are very beautiful , and the addition of the troops in the graves is a bad thing .
TLK : we know nothing , I read for nothing .
&#91; The Middle East , of Quality of Quality of Quality for Pidel on Androd
Tenhundred is not the publisher in China ?
If I take the extreme example of the Southern , there are so many trains that are lagging behind and canceled that it has become a subject of common blunder in London .
The bodies are against yes , but not necessarily all of them , given the percentage that wants renationalisation .
I personally have a Rudmi Note 3 Pro under Nirogen OS ( Androd 8.1.0 ) .
last year &apos;s Rudi Note 4 .
You already have a large community with the usual Roma ( LinegeneS , Reurtion Remix , etc . ) , now for the generation of this year , we will have to wait a little .
Otherwise , as for most manufacturers , you would like to dump the telephone booter , and then install a Roma , before they can install an alternative Roma .
The title of this article .
When you put his quotation in context , there is really nothing to be said about this : &apos; I never hesitate to speak in French , or in the language of the host country , or also in English when it is on international scenes or in business circles , because I think it strengthens French-speaking .
It is a very cliché , as a title , as a title .
feminist and employment
Daniel Schneiderman is before his screen .
It is about to look at a courteous , excellent and intelligent programme produced by its new preferred medium .
When , suddenly , one of the invitations is allowed to issue a headline hypothesis .
Aside , confused , shocked that this is happening on a left-leaning media , Daniel Schneiderman is taking his own social justice suit .
He defies a edition .
Who is this woman who dares to speak about the body of women on 8 March , in the context of an emissions programme that could not avoid avoiding the hashtag MeToo ( not Balance tone Porc ) , I can tell you why you have 2h ?
Who is this perfie which suddenly detracts from the usual clouds ?
Would it be an envoy from the Maaaaal ?
Super-Schneiderman is investigating us !
And yes , poor left-wingers who wanted only to confirm your ways : one person hiding behind Marianne Dano .
Who is Mrs Eugenu , yes , Eugenus , you read well .
The Maaaaal in person has been infiltrated on our valiant shelf .
How do Marianne Durano and Eugens Blanu work for the same magazine ?
They are , therefore , only one and the same person , one and the same idea , no autonomy of thought .
On 8 March a woman hides another .
She does not hide Paul Picucetta the director of the drafting , or Pierre Chausse , the Director of publication , or Gauu Bès , the deputy director , neither Fair Hadjadj nor Olivier Rey .
Nor does it replace Foucald with theories .
No , it replaces a snapshot of Eugens Basku because it has the merit of being unknown to the battalion .
She would never have been invited , she is not left on the left , but we are on the assumption that she would have said exactly the same meeerende .
With a view to journalistic objectivity , with an undeniable taste for the contradictory debate , Daniel Schneiderman does justice to women by wiping out his camouflaged pipes .
Thank you , Daniel Schneiderman , for this great advance on 8 March .
Thank you for this relentless fight for freedom of expression and pluralism in the media .
On the white background , it is the one I have !
I had a chance , because I wanted to read the appeal from Cutu .
My parents drive me into a bookshop and I am asked what I want .
I have a little bit of a bet , a little bit bet , and I say &apos; ben on banner &apos; ( with a book ) .
The bookseller leaves us with the tomus 1 of the Bouquin collection .
I was a member of my life , and I was part of a new one with the integraal of Loyvehicle .
( I was bought the tomps 2 and 3 a little later ) .
These are ... these are ...
It took me to see what it was that the Tich Bar was .
More to the point : (
And I had not seen the rise in prices either .
Bordel de merd , it would be a limit to me if I were to replace my own ordi .
I say to them , in principle , that my beautiful family is merging with everything ...
I am closing the door .
I am invited : no thank you !
They are invited without my agreement : I am a beer before the PC .
It is noteworthy / pasta / Pensaint / paint .
