Spectula ’ s “ Winger ” above Bogota
The sportspeople Jhonathan Florz sacked a helicopter over Bogota , the Colombian capital .
Equided by a winger ( a combination of wings ) , it has risen to 160 km / h above the famous Monserrate sanctuary , located at more than 3 000 metres of altitude , where many badals had gathered to observe his exploration .
A black box in your car ?
While the US road network planners find it difficult to find the money needed to repair the motorway infrastructure , there are many who find a solution in the form of a small black box that is fixed above the car scoreboard .
The appliances , which contain all the miles travelled by a driver and transmit information to officials , are at the centre of a controversial attempt in Washington and government planning offices to overhaul the obsolete system of financing the main US roads .
The sector usually without interest in planning the major axes has suddenly caused a heated debate and turbulent alliances .
The liberalists have joined environmental groups in order to press for the government to use small boxes to keep the miles you park , and possibly the road you circulate , and then use information to draft a draft tax bill .
The Tea Party is landed .
The American Civil Liberties Union is also very concerned and expresses its concern about the protection of privacy .
And , while Congressional members cannot agree on whether to continue , several states have not waited .
They are looking for how , over the next decade , they can move to a system allowing drivers to pay according to the number of miles travelled .
Thousands of motorists have already embarked on these black boxes , sometimes equipped with GPS monitoring , for an experimental vice .
This is really essential for our nation .
“ It is not as if we had a choice , ” Hasan Ikrata , Director General of the Southerian Association of Govertments , says that the state is starting to register the miles that every Californian motorist has travelled by 2025 .
There will be change in how we pay these taxes .
The technology is there to do so .
The pressure comes from the fact that the country ’ s Highway Trust Fund , financed with the taxes that Americans pay to the pump , is financially to dry .
Americans no longer buy more petrol than before .
Cars can travel more miles with a gallon .
The federal tax itself , which is 18.4 cents per gallon , has not increased for 20 years .
Politicians are reluctant to increase the tax even by 1 100 , while petrol prices are high .
&apos;The petrol tax is simply not tenable &apos; , said Lee Mundich , a transport policy expert at Minnesota University .
His state has recently installed tractors on 500 cars to test a system of payment for the mould .
“ This is the most logical alternative in the long term , ” he said .
Wonks call this for use by kilometre .
It is no surprise that the idea is seduced by the urban liberals , as taxes could be used to change driving habits so as to reduce congestion and gas emissions , for example .
California planners are interested in the system as they develop strategies to achieve the targets set in the ambitious state laws on global warming .
But representative Bill Shusster ( R-Pa ) , Chairman of the Transport Committee of the House of Representatives , said that he also regarded him as the most viable alternative in the long term .
Advocates of the free market in the Reason Foundation also appreciate the idea of getting drivers to pay .
&apos;It is not just a tax engulfing in a large black hole &apos; , it has declared Adrian Moore , Vice-President of the policy at the Reason Foundation .
People pay more directly for the benefits they are given .
The movement is also supported by two former US secretaries on Transports who , in a 2011 report , urged Congress to move towards the mould .
The US Senate approved a $ 90 million pilot project last year that would have been around 10 000 cars .
But the Presidency of the House killed the proposal , responding to the concerns of rural legislators representing voters who have to travel many masses every day to go to their work or city .
A number of states and cities nevertheless make progress on their side .
The most determined is Oregon , which mobilised 5 000 drivers to lead the country &apos;s most important experience .
These motorists will soon pay the state for kilometre fees instead of taxes on petrol .
The Nevada has already completed a pilot project .
The city of New York is considering one of them .
Illinois is testing a limited number of lorries .
And the I-95 coalition , which includes 17 agencies involved in road transport in states along the US east coast ( including Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia , and Florida ) is examining how it could implement change .
The concept is not a universal success .
In the Nevada , where approximately 50 voluntary motorists recently equipped their car with a appliance , drivers were worried that the government could follow their own facts and gestures .
“ The concerns about Big Brother and this sort of thing are a big problem , ” said Aluddin Khan , who heads the strategic performance management at the Nevada Department of Transport .
That is not something that people want .
From the start of the trial , the Nevada ’ s ACLU warned on its site : “ It would be relatively easy to transform these devices into full localisation devices . ”
There is no need to build an enormous and cumbersome technological infrastructure that will inevitably be extended to keep people &apos;s daily record .
The Nevada is one of the few states that are now struggling to find affordable technology that would allow the state to know how many miles a car can be made , but without knowing the place or the exact hour .
If we can do that , he added Khan , the citizens will be more comfortable .
The search for this technology has led some state agencies to appeal to a small start-up of California in the name of Tue Mileage .
Originally , society was not intended to help drivers who pay taxes on the Member States .
It sought to go into the emerging market insurance market , in which drivers would pay according to their kilometre .
But the appliances that it tests have plagued major axes because they do not use GPS and provide a limited amount of information , periodically downloaded by modem .
&apos;People will be more inclined to do this if you do not record their speed and not locate them &apos; , said Ryan Morrison , Director-General of Tue Mileage .
Major errors have been made in the pilot programmes of some states .
There are much cheaper ways and far less intrusive methods to proceed .
In Oregon , planners try experience by offering motorists different choices .
They can choose a apparatus with or without GPS .
They can still choose not to have any apparatus at all , preferring instead to pay a fork based on the average number of miles travelled by all residents of the state .
Other states hope to sell the concept to suspicious citizens by allowing aircraft to do more , rather than enough .
In the city of New York , transport officials seek to develop a tax system that would also be equipped to pay for parking costs , provide insurance insurance and create a set of real-time data from other drivers that motorists could use to avoid congestion .
The motorists would be encouraged to participate because of the benefits of the system , and has indicated a document on urban planning .
However , some transport planners wonder whether the whole debate on the payment of miles is not just a huge distraction .
At Metropolitan Transport Commission of the San Francisco Bay Bay , those responsible say that Congress could very simply manage the bankruptcy of the Highway Trust Fund by raising taxes on petrol .
A supplementary or annual tax could be imposed on drivers of hybrid vehicles and on others whose vehicles do not consume a great deal of petrol , so that everyone pays their fair share .
‘ There is no need to resort to radical surgery when we simply need aspirin ’ , said Rary Renschler , the director of legislation and public affairs in the committee .
If we do that , hundreds of millions of motorists will worry about the protection of their privacy and a lot of other things .
David Bowe : four newcomers listening
The English musician did not come over this year .
From the Next Day , appeared in January , he cooked a luxury recreation scheduled for 4 November , with several new ones .
Four have already emerged on the web .
The announcement of a new album of David Boe left the whole picture .
On the day of its 66th birthday , on 8 January 2013 , he said that a new album would emerge in March .
After ten years of silence ( the last dissent , the date of 2003 ) and too few public appearances , the English musician proved that it could still be relied on to split the pop stage .
A festival for his fans
Not tired of the surprises , David Boe had more of a turn in his bag with The Next .
Thin White Duke therefore planned to reproduce this album on 4 November .
On the occasion , he cooked a real festival for his fans .
This reedition , entitled The Next Day Extra , will be in the form of three discounts : the original album , unprecedented sedio sessions and refaines , as well as a DVD containing the four clips already revealed .
The Next Day Extra will contain a total of ten additional titles compared with the original alpine : the three pieces of the Deluxa edition , five songs specially revealed for the time and two .
David Bowe made the presentations of this beautiful coffin in a video .
It introduces both the record and the by-products provided with : exclusive photographs and pockets , a carnet to share its own impressions , a book with words ...
And , above all , it gives a foretaste of its new title Atomica , typically in the vein in The Navy Day , with very advanced guides and well-controlled rock electricity .
Estimates already listening
But Atomica is not alone in discovering its arms .
The Information , Like A Rokeet Man , Born In A UFO are also available on the web .
The Information is double-faced : a worrying trader before a light cavalade that slows slowly to give way to a pop bullet .
Has Boke , on Like A Rokand Man , wanted to make a small reference to the Roket Man of Elton John ?
With this title , the singer seems to be in his or her part when he no longer has his feet on earth .
Space Oddity , alongside it , was much more serious .
On Born In A UFO , David Boe once again refers to his strangulation : would he come from another planet ?
The strenticeship riffers give an incentive to leave the Earth .
Boe , at any rate , is playing with the headline with these titles : an informal turn , a man on board a rocket , a marker potential ...
It conceals and reveals at both times that different personalities have been adopted , as he has done throughout his career , particularly with his characters Ziory Stardust and Aladdin Sane .
It is hardly surprising that he has a hand in the photograph of the Inviation in the Vyage , the mark Louis Vuitton , whose new face he embodies .
It will appear in one of their advertisements , broadcast from 10 November .
Defense Minister Rob Nicholson insisted that the wounded soldiers were not released from the Canadian Armed Forces , and pointed out that a transition process was followed by all soldiers before their return to civilian life .
Allowing the Liberals and the neo-democrats in the House of Commons , Mr Nicholson assured that , before they were released , members of the army followed a transition plan in collaboration with their superiors .
All the injured soldiers receive appropriate care for their return to civilian life , and none of them is released before they are ready .
The critics accuse the government of wanting to save money by not allowing the injured military - who do not meet the rule of &apos; the universality of the army &apos; s service demanding that staff be able to carry out a series of different tasks - to reach the 10 years required for pension benefits .
In particular , they cited two cases reported by La Canadian , including a soldier released last Friday .
Corporal David Hawkins , a London reservist in Ontario , reached post-traumatic stress syndrome , has been released from the army despite its demand to remain another year in order to be able to receive full indexed pensions .
His case came after that of Corporal Glen Kirvaire , who told a parliamentary committee last month that he had been pushed to the exit before being ready because he did not respond to the rule of universality of the service .
Mr Hawkins pointed out that a soldier could be prepared to leave , with plans and consultation meetings , but that this was completely different from wanting to leave the ranks .
&apos;I told them that I was not ready &apos; , he said at an interview with the Presse Canadian Wednesday .
I asked for months if there was a way to stay , and they said no .
Since the beginning of the major fighting in Afghanistan , the army has been hard to determine how latitude it can give to the injured soldiers who want to stay in the ranks but who are not .
Under current rules , seriously injured soldiers have up to three years to recover .
If they do not meet the criteria for deployments abroad , they can be forced to leave the army .
Last year &apos;s data in Parliament indicate that , of the 1218 soldiers released for medical reasons , 199 had not reached the service period required to obtain pension benefits .
The liberal spokesman for former combatants , Jim Karygiannis , asked on Wednesday for the reintegration of Corporal Hawkins , while the neo-democrat Jack Harris called for an immediate end to this shameful practice .
Disney on tablets to launch a animated series of animated series
The Disney Group Disney has decided to favour tablets on its own television channels for the coming out of a new set of children .
The first nine episodes of Sheriff Calliers Wild West will be available from 24 November on the watchdisneyy.com site or through its application for telephones and tablets .
Its global launch on the Disney Group &apos;s channels is only planned in 2014 , details the communiqué of its Disney Junior division .
The child ’ s child , for children aged 2-7 , tells the adventures of the Challie , sheriff of a town in the West American , where it puts order with a magic laso .
Each episode has two stories of 11 minutes .
&apos;Interacting with Smartphones and tablets is a second nature for children today &apos; , commented on Albert Cheng , Vice-President for digital products at Disney / ABC Television Group , quoted in the communiqué .
This kind of experience between Disney &apos;s efforts to &apos; extend the life of its series and build new relations with its public through digital platforms that are increasingly important &apos; has added .
A poll published early this week by Common Sense Media showed an explosion in the use of mobile devices by young children in the United States : 38 % of the less than 2 years old have already been used by a tap or telephone , and 72 % of the less than eight years , compared with 10 % and 38 % two years ago .
Snowden is prepared to “ cooperate ” with Germany on the issue of US surveillance
Edward Snowden , the whistleblowers of the American intelligence services , said that he was prepared to go to Berlin to testify to the German Parliament if the United States National Security Agency and its director Keith Alexander did not provide answers on their activities .
The German MEP Hans-Christian Straöbele met on Thursday Mr Snowden in Russia , where he enjoys the right of asylum , to discuss his testimony in Germany .
In a letter to the media in Berlin on Friday , Mr Snowden said : &apos; Although the result of my efforts has obviously been positive , my government continues to treat the difference of opinion as a flight and seeks to penalise political discourse with accusations against which it is impossible to defend ourselves . &apos;
However , to say the truth is not a crime .
In his letter , Mr Snowden wrote that he believed that the support of the international community could persuade the US Government to abandon the criminal charges against him .
In the case of the complaint by the American Ministry of Justice , he is accused of espionage and theft of state assets .
Hans-Peter Friedrich , the German Interior Minister , said in Zeit Online : “ If Mr Snowden is prepared to speak to German officials , we will make sure that we do that . ”
Relations between the United States and Germany have been put under severe strain as a result of complaints that the NSA has been listening to German Chancellor Angela Merkel &apos;s mobile phone .
Thomas Openet , the Member who heads the parliamentary group overseeing the foreign secret services , has indicated that if there is a chance to hear Mr Snowden as a witness &apos; without putting it at risk and completely ruining relations with the United States &apos; , then this should be taken advantage of .
Mr Straöbele , a German Verde , published a photo of him with Mr Snowden on his Twitter account .
During his visit to Russia , he was accompanied by two German journalists .
Mr Straöbele said that , according to the lawyer of the former NSA consultant , Mr Snowden could not return to Russia if he left the country .
If Mr Snowden testified in Germany , he should be assured that he would be &apos; security &apos; there , he said the Member .
Mr Snowden wrote in his letter that he had been the subject of a &apos; serious and sustained &apos; persecution campaign that had forced him to leave his country .
However , he said that he had been encouraged by the global reaction to &apos; my act of political expression &apos; .
Citizens throughout the world and senior officials – including in the United States – found that the revelation of an inexplicable system of permanent surveillance was of public utility .
The letter puts forward an offer of cooperation with the German authorities &apos; when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved &apos; .
Cogeco Cable may soon offer an interactive television station
Cogeco Cable subscribers may well have access to applications like Facebook , Twitter , and , ultimately , the video service on request for Networks via their television in a future that does not seem so distant .
The Cogeco subsidiary indicated on Thursday that it was currently conducting preliminary tests in the beta version of this platform with some of its users .
&apos;This will enable us to develop more user-friendly interfaces and more options &apos; , explained the President and head of Cogeco , Louis Audlet , in meeting .
Cogeco Cable is taking the step to its competitors , like Bell , even if Cogeco subsidiary does not yet have a precise date for this new platform .
&apos;We must adapt and change or resist change and fail &apos; .
The ultimate aim remains to provide tools to which our customers do not have access at present .
The telecoms giant Rogers has already indicated that he could offer Network if certain technical details , which were not mentioned , could be resolved .
In the United States , the video service for video is saying to be in talks with some major cables so that its service is available via their broadcasting platforms .
Cogeco and Cogeco Cable also welcomed the announcement by the Harper government in its Tenne speech on 16 October .
Ottawa wants to force cable and satellite TV providers to offer customers the opportunity to pay the services at the card .
&apos;It has been about two and a half years since we say that the idea of forcing consumers to buy large chains of chains is not working &apos; , has said Mr Audlet .
However , it hopes that the consultations carried out by the Canadian radio and telecommunications Council ( CRTC ) will lead to interesting recommendations .
&apos;It will have to emerge from these discussions a kind of new frame of reference to define our new Canadian cultural policy on television &apos; , which has been said by Cogeco .
The RRTC has been conducting consultations with the public since last week and they should continue with industry next spring .
On the results , Cogeco indicated that he had a net benefit of 43.8 million in the fourth quarter , or 82 .
This is a reduction compared to the net benefit of 44.9 million , or 83 out of action , of the same period last year .
The company established in Montreal explains this decline with costs of depreciation linked to new acquisitions .
Cogeco , in 2012 , acquired the EAtlantic Broaddistributor , established in the United States , for 1.36 billion .
This was the first major acquisition of the company after the failure in Portugal .
Last December , Nepalese society also bought Peer 1 Network Enterprise , an Internet provider established in Vancouver , for the sum of 526 million .
As for Cogeco ’ s income , they grew by 41.5 % in the fourth quarter to 504.7 million .
They are 1.8 billion for the current financial year .
The net benefit of its main subsidiary , Cogeco Cable , was 43.9 million , or 90 per action , in decline compared to the 45.7 million , or 93 .
Cogeco Cable incomes , however , increased by 45 % to 470.4 million .
The company lost 15 237 customers in the fourth quarter .
However , for the financial year 2013 , the number of Cogeco Cable customers is rising 5546 .
Mr Audlet is not concerned that the number of customers is fluctuating in this way .
As far as I am concerned , it is not an indication of a change of trend .
This varies from one quarter to the other with very strong competition .
From horse to horse in beef products
From horse meat to canned boxes of beef products , sold by two small British low-price-distribution teachers , the food hygiene agency has now been announced .
routine tests have revealed that the products , drawn up in January in Romania and sold by the Hme Bargain and Quality Save chains , contained the DNA of horse 1 to 5 % .
&apos;Since horse meat is not mentioned in the list of ingredients , it should not have been present in the product &apos; , explained the UK agency .
A scandal on the presence of horse meat in coffin graves erupted in Europe at the beginning of the year , following tests in Ireland .
According to European Commission examinations , France was the country most affected by the presence of this type of meat in products that are supposed to contain only beef .
A collision between two vehicles caused four injured , early on Friday , on road 131 in Lanaudia .
Shortly before 4th , a motorist who walked in the north , in Saint-Fée de Valois , lost control of his vehicle and survived a car that went in the opposite direction .
The four occupants of both vehicles were injured , but there was no fear for their lives .
Traffic had returned to normal until 6.00 on Friday .
Frontier Airlines envisage paying hand luggage
Frontier Airlines are planning to pay up to $ 100 to passengers carrying handbags on their flights .
Frontier Airlines intend to start paying up to $ 100 for handbags and $ 2 for a coffee or a soda , although in its announcement on Wednesday , it indicated that passengers could take the unopen channel with them .
New hand luggage costs relate to bags in the higher compartment , so small bags installed under the seat will always be free .
Frontier said that she would pay $ 25 if the costs were paid in advance and $ 100 if travellers paid only once at the boarding door .
The Frontier spokesman , Kate O &apos;Malley , indicated that the $ 100 was intended to encourage travellers to pay the costs in advance .
“ We do not want to make this prize pay , ” she explained .
The airlines began to make the first and second baggage recorded in 2008 .
Passengers who were trying to avoid these costs had as many things as they could in hand luggage in higher compartments , so there was often no room in these compartments .
These costs are a means of ensuring that passengers carry less on board .
Malley said that these new costs will not really be used to collect money .
It is a question of making it easier to find a place in higher compartments to the clients of Frontier Frontier customers .
Passengers buying their ticket on the airline site will not have to pay .
So a passenger flying at a boarding door could transport a bag free , while the next person in the queue could pay $ 100 for a similar bag .
Malley explained that the Frontier site and registration procedures are changing to ensure that passengers know the existence of these charges before arriving at the door .
Frontier luggage costs will not be applied before the summer , although no date has been set .
Passengers often fly on charges of luggage and other costs , but the airlines admire them .
They believe that luggage costs are important and that passengers who want this service should pay it .
Many people on Wall Street consider the addition of luggage charges to be a sign that airlines are paying enough for the cost of air travel after years of losses .
Yet many of them did not hit the cost of luggage .
Spit Airlines Incés had applied the first hand luggage charges three years ago , and the company of the low-cost Algigiant was later followed .
The only other company imposing such costs is the Hungarian company Wizz Air , which has declared the consultant to airlines Jary Sorensen , which is closely following the costs .
In a report in December 2011 , he estimated that Spirit ’ s hand luggage costs were $ 50 per year .
Sorensen , a former framework of Midwest Airlines , recently traveled on Spirit and wondered what it would find at the boarding door at a time when passengers would discover the unfamiliar charge charges imposed by the company .
&quot; I had never seen a boarding procedure in my entire professional career &quot; .
I had expected to see teeth and a bright breath .
The plane was full , he added , &apos; passengers were raised at the speed of the lighter &apos; .
Frontier also does like Spirit and applies $ 2 for a coffee , a pot , a soda or a fruit juice .
Frontier has indicated that passengers who take a bee or a fruit juice can take the unopen channel with them , and those who take coffee can be left free .
It will always distribute water free of charge .
US Airways tried briefly to pay for the drinks in 2008 , but went back seven months later after passengers complained , and then no other large airline had followed .
The Frontier decision to charge hand luggage costs when passengers do not directly purchase their ticket from the airline is its last effort to encourage customers to go on their site .
Airlines pay online travel vendors like Orbiz $ 10 to $ 25 for every ticket sold .
This has encouraged all airlines to encourage passengers to buy directly from them instead of going to an online travel agency .
However , Frontier has gone further in this area .
In September , it began to offer only half the miles of loyalty to customers buying their ticket via an online travel agency .
On Wednesday , it reduced the mine premiums by 25 % on a journey .
For example , a 101,000 miles away from an online travel agency would make it possible to earn 250 miles .
It also allows passengers to choose their seat in advance only if they purchase their ticket directly on the Frontier site .
Frontier has a faithful customer in his home town , Denver , but his activity is falling and is losing money .
The revenue fell by 9 % and its flight capacity fell by almost 13 % in the first quarter , according to the financial results published on Wednesday by its parent company , Republic Airways Holways Hholdings Inc .
Republic has tried to repair the Frontier finances by selling the airline .
The NSA calls into question an &apos; internal error &apos; and not computer pirates
The National Security Agency working in the shadow said on Friday that it was a bug that had caused the breakdown of its public site for a few hours , not hackers as some had claimed online .
&apos;NSA.gov has remained inaccessible for a few hours this evening because of an internal error that took place during a planned update &apos; , indicated the espionage agency in a statement by email .
The problem will be resolved this evening .
The allegations that the breakdown was due to an attack on the denial of services distributed &#91; DSD &#93; are wrong .
Earlier this evening , the traces of online servers noted that the NSA site had been stalled for at least 6 hours , and some users still cannot access the site .
Earlier , a NSA spokesman told ABC News that the agency &apos;s sensitive internal network was &apos; not at all &apos; .
No classified information is in jeopardy , explained the spokesman .
At least a group of online hackers claimed to be responsible for the NSA ’ s breakdown by a DSD attack .
The DSD attacks are aimed at flooding a targeted site until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
Cyber tactics are not very sophisticated , and attacks are not intended to enter the internal network of the targeted system .
The formerly ultra-secret NSA , a time called “ No Such Agency , ” found itself under the spotlight and strongly criticised in recent months following a wave of revelations about its vast communications surveillance programs at national and foreign level – which form part of the NSA ’ s secret files .
This growing controversy surrounding the agency has caused a lot of speculation that this evening &apos;s incident was the result of targeted cyber-operation .
The Delta Center now closed
The Delta Center City closed its doors on Thursday in Montreal , after 36 years of existence .
The investment fund that owned the building sold it to developers who are going to turn it into student homes .
Three hundred people were working at the hotel .
Of these , 200 have still not found new jobs .
Delta promises not to let its employees fall .
Employers have come to meet workers directly on the ground , and individual employees have been met to assess their needs .
&apos;This will continue for the next six months &apos; , explains the regional director of the Hectas Delta , Félix Bay .
The closure of the Delta comes in a very competitive hotel market .
The investment fund that was owned by this building had choices to be made .
Either he reinvested in the building to continue to operate , so there were investments of tens of millions when competition is very fierce , there are many new hotels that appeared in Montreal .
&apos;Either he was selling it to someone else , and that is what has happened &apos; , explains Paul Arsenult , who owns the Dacat Tourism Chairmen at the EQAM Management Science School .
Other hotels in Montreal will also be converted in the coming months , such as the Claza Plaza , which will become a residence for the elderly .
In the meantime , four hotel projects totalling almost 600 chambers will be born in two years &apos; time .
For the CEO in Titan , &apos; Goodséar Amiens &apos; is starting with zero employed . &apos;
Having thrown the stranglehold in January for the partial recovery of the Goodéar of North &apos;Amile promised to closure , Mauritius Taylor , the US tyre of the US tyre Titan , is now prepared to save 333 jobs from the plant .
Arnaud Monteburg , the Minister for productive recovery , had already announced it , on Monday 21 October .
After giving up the project for the purchase of the plant in January , you are now returning .
You have made violent attacks and insults , talking about so-called &apos; so-called workers &apos; , who &apos; work three hours &apos; a day , &apos; mad &apos; trade unions , by targeting the CGT .
We do not understand this U-turn .
Is Mr Monteburg happy ?
I am not trying to please anyone .
Except to my wife .
Mr Monteburg is a young man who is trying to save industrial jobs among the best paid .
If I have injured someone by my words , I am sorry .
But France has a high level of tax and unemployment as well .
Does the truth tell us that the truth is that you are not right ?
Working to work seven hours a day when in other countries we work eight hours hampers France .
In India , China and the whole of other countries , we work ten to 12 hours a day .
But I do not have any prejudices about France .
What I see is a factory that produces good agricultural tyres , has good equipment , is well situated and has space to expand .
Why is Titan so badly needed ?
Titan does not need to buy this factory .
But , with proper prices and competent workers , it is worth trying .
What kind of agreement do you expect between the GGT and Goodear ?
If , since the announcement of the closure of the plant , Goodear had offered employees a good start , I think that 100 % of employees would have accepted it .
Now , let us imagine that Titan is buying the closed factory at Goodazar .
So Titan could move the machines to Poland or any other European Union country that still has its own currency .
I think that Mr Monteburg knows that .
He wants to keep the Amine factory with at least 333 well-paid jobs .
Titan agrees to recruit them among the roughly 1 200 current employees of Goodear .
So Mr Monteburg needs a commitment from Titan before trying to get the GGT to sit at the table with Goodear .
The first step is that the GGT and Goodiear should draw up an agreement on starting payments for all employees .
Therefore , there will be no more employees in the factory .
Mr Monteburg said that you are prepared to guarantee these 333 jobs for four years .
Do you confirm that ?
The only number I have mentioned to the Minister is 333 .
I know he would like a four-year guarantee .
But , as I said to you , the GGT and Goodiear must first agree on starting expenses .
If all employees accept them , the project &apos;s purchase project starts with zero employed .
How can we give guarantees of employment when there are no more employees on the site ?
If Mr Monteburg succeeds in ensuring that the GGT and Goodsear agree , and that Titan is buying the factory , we intend to remain in Amisia over four years .
The benefit of the falling Bombardier , while the deliveries and orders of aeroplanes are shrinking .
The Canadian aeronautical and rail manufacturer , Bombiller Inc , reported a 15 % drop in its net profits on Thursday , under pressure from a drop in orders and aircraft deliveries in the third quarter and contractual problems in its Trans-European division .
Nor did Bombiller , based in Montreal , provided flight test data for his new CSOS aircraft and information to know whether the plane will meet its ambitious trade agenda by September next year .
Following the inaugural flight of the testing plane around a month and a half ago , the latter has stolen only three times , and the question then arises as to whether the trial phase was on the right track .
The results were not up to expectations , and stock prices fell by 8 % to the Toronto Stock Exchange .
Cameron , analysts at the National Bank Financial Bank , lowered his ratings on Thursday , ranging from “ over-performance ” to “ sector performance ” because of the low potential for the stock market to rise in the next quarter or two quarters .
&apos;Although the decline in aircraft deliveries has been largely anticipated , we are really disappointed by the profit margin in the Transport division &apos; , which has declared Cameron Doerksen in a bill to the customers .
We believe that Bombardier will register new orders for his CSeries planes as the flight test programme advances .
However , if no new orders are announced in the coming months , we expect the market to become more sceptical about the programme .
Bombying hopes that the family of CSeries aircraft will cater to the lower segment of a market now dominated by Boeing and Airbus .
The first test plane was unveiled in March and first burned in September after months of delay .
But the number of firm orders for CSeries is modest so far as 177 ; it seems that potential buyers are waiting for flight tests to validate company claims regarding energy efficiency and the potential of the new online aircraft .
At present , society has had a total of 403 orders and purchasing commitments from 15 customers and operators .
Pierre Beauowin , President and head of the leadership , is convinced that Bombiller will reach his target of 300 firm orders before the first aircraft is commercial .
Leaders also reassured the analysts and the media on Thursday that the programme was advancing according to the timetable .
&apos;The test aircraft did not stay on the ground for longer than expected &apos; , said Mr Beauown at a telephone conference , adding that ground tests and software updating were planned during the flight time period .
Each manufacturer is planning in a different way .
We had decided to make a first flight and to have a period of updating , and that is what we have done .
This will happen throughout the flight programme .
The second of the five test aircraft should be flying in the next few weeks , the others will follow shortly afterwards , indicated society .
Yet analysts are sceptical that the first customer can fly a CSeries plane only 12 months after its inaugural flight .
Bombling has indicated that she is assessing the timetable for entry into service and will provide new information in the coming months .
“ This sluggishness in flight trials – though apparently in line with Bombardier ’ s internal calendar – reinforces our view that entry into service will be postponed in the first quarter of 2015 , ” Mr Doerksen said .
In the third quarter , on 30 September , the net benefit of Bombardier fell to $ 147 , or 8 cents per action , compared to $ 172 , or 9 cents per year .
The result by adjusted action remained unchanged at 9 cents .
incomes have fallen slightly from 4.2 to 4.1 Md .
analysts expected a 10 cents in action and income of 4.56 Md , according to Thomas Reuters I / B / S.
The world &apos;s fourth aircraft manufacturer indicated that it had delivered 45 aircraft in the quarter , compared to 57 a year earlier .
The net orders fell to 26 planes , compared to 83 before .
The delay in the Aéonautical division was $ 32.9 trillion on 30 September , which is unchanged compared to 31 December of the previous year .
&apos;In Aéonautics , the results were in line with our forecasts , but the low number of orders and general conditions in the market was disappointing &apos; .
Aéonautics ’ s income has fallen by 13 % to $ 2 trillion .
Bombying , the largest railway manufacturer in the world , said that the income from that division had increased by nearly 11 % to $ 2.1 trillion .
The orders for the transport division total $ 32.6 trillion on 30 September , a slight increase compared to 31 December of the previous year .
The margins for the transport division have suffered from the implementation problems concerning some major contracts .
The leaders have announced that new indications will be provided in the fourth quarter .
The Bombardier shares , which also announced that Patrick Pichette , head of Google ’ s financial management , would sit on the board , fell from 8.5 % to $ 4.83 in the afternoon of Thursday .
Brazilian company Embrer SA , the third largest aircraft manufacturer in the world and the nearest competitor of Bombardier , indicated on Thursday a 10 % drop in its quarterly benefit .
Two spinning spans of 23 and 27 years ago were missing in an abyss under the Wt of Cilles since Thursday evening , and were taught on Friday to the Speledo rescue of the Isle .
They have been localised this vendor afternoon .
The two men , a lightweight in practice , and the other no , went underground on Thursday at 9.30 a.m. in order to pass through the Wt de Croiller on the St Pierre de Chartrous .
They were then unnews since then .
&apos;Speleologists should have appeared at around 5h in the morning &apos; , said Thierry Larbe , a technical adviser to the Speledo relief organisation .
Dozens of people there on the ground
Some 20 securists , ten civilians in the Speleo French rescue , and police police , CRS , and firefighters were there .
At the end of the afternoon , the two spendomeologists were localised .
&apos;It is another group of saspomeologists which , after having found their way out but in good health in the cake , sent information to one of the rescue teams engaged in the network &apos; explains the Dauphen .
The two soldiers at the 13th battalion of Chamberry Chambers were found &apos; exhausted but not injured &apos; .
They have lost out in the network , returned to their homes while waiting for relief .
They should emerge from the cake with the help of the securists in the evening .
German journalists invited to flee Google and Yahoo
The union of German journalists invited its members on Thursday to stop using the online services of Google and Yahoo following new revelations about the activities of the US and British intelligence services .
&apos;The German Federation of Journalists recommends that journalists avoid the use of research engines and Google and Yahoo messaging engines until recently &apos; .
She considers the Washington Post information to be outrageous , according to which the UK National Security Agency ( NSA ) and the British Governance Headquarters ( GCHQ ) collected masses of information by infiltrating international networks that allow both firms to synchronize their servers .
&apos;The research carried out by journalists is as confidential as the co-ordination of their sources and the nature of their communications with them &apos; , and has added Michael Konken , President of the trade union , to 38,000 .
Welcome : a Member calls for the resignation of Brigte Grouwin .
The plan by Minister Brigte Grouwels of &apos; Reflection &apos; of the poles of traffic lights in Brussels does not like everyone .
As a reminder , this Thursday , the Brussels Minister for Public Affairs and Transport , in the centre of Brussels , launched a test project to paint 16 poles of light lights in the yellow and blue colours from Brussels .
The aim is both &apos; to increase security &apos; and &apos; Brussels identity &apos; .
The idea is , in the long term , to review all the Brussels signs , at an estimated cost of around EUR 1 million .
However , the blue chosen by the Minister is &apos; too thin &apos; , according to the Brussels MEP Emmanuel De Bock , who talks about the capital &apos; rocket &apos; and calls for the &apos; resignation &apos; of Brigte Grouwin .
&apos;Not content to spend money on Brussels &apos; money in flaunting poles of signalling poles at the Brussels Region , Brigte Grougels continues its Capital of Capital operations , resisting Mr De Bock in a communiqué .
After his taxis taxis , she has finally repainted himself as a black blue jank in Brussels .
According to the honourable Member , there is now no longer any difference in visual continuity between Flanders and Brussels .
Brussels deserve better than seeing their money squandered by a CD &amp; V Minister , who itself perform the NVA programme .
It is high time we stopped the Trojan horse from Flanders .
&apos;To recall , Brigte Grouwin was elected only with 2 245 votes to 0.5 % of Brussels ! &apos; , concludes Mr De Bock .
Pont-De-Buis ’ s Price
Pont-de-Buis &apos;s eco-tax pig , around which a violent demonstration of opponents of this tax took place Saturday , was dismantled on Thursday morning .
There were cracks on the spot shortly after 10 hours , and the movement on the national side was hijacked .
The decision on decommissioning , announced by the prefecture of the Finiser on Wednesday , was taken by Ecomparov , pig manager .
This is the last of the three ecotax pigs operating in the department of the Finiser , the other two having been dismantled or sabotaged .
Little of a bottle for Google Glass
An online shop , proposing multiple by-products for Google Glass , has just been made available to the thousands of developers with a prototype of the interconnected glasses signed Google .
In this way , they can acquire a headphones , a charger , or even a fuss .
This shop , which is strictly reserved for developers already having Google Glass , suggests a few by-products such as a charger and his USB cable for $ 50 .
For the same price , it is also possible to acquire a shelter that is manufactured in microfibre or an intra-European headline .
Although Google is currently working on a model of Google Glass with verbal verres , no large-scale marketing date has yet been confirmed .
It is already five years since my father got away from the world of living life .
At the beginning I denied his death , I was talking about him .
I was so afraid to forget it or , rather , I did not know how I was going to continue with it .
There is no recipe , no way of working to pass the wall of the invisible and to find its sights .
Then there were signs of this .
The first time was the very strong feeling of his presence on the passenger seat when I was driving .
Once again , a sweet awakening in the middle of night to look at the evidence that no longer leaves me , put on the night table .
It is the image of my smiling father who accompany me in my gestures on a daily basis .
Our mother left us after his exhausted fight against cancer .
That is at least what I thought of the day when I found his body empty , crying down on this hospital bed to cheated flags .
Likewise , his funeral was a glacial farewell focused around the meagre chorus of the hanners .
I thought it was part of that .
Little by little , by small or night appearances , a little timid , a little erased , it quickly returned to my mind , moving as it took its place in my thought that believed in mourning .
And then it turned out , while discovering my own facets that I had not yet seen , concealed by my relationship with it .
So I learned and understand that I had not lost the person of my mother but simply a woman whom I did not really know , a woman who embodied this person during his stay in life .
By dying , this woman had perfect life and released the person I love , and now I found it , full and full .
This deviation from my life remains the most unexpected and beautiful .
It is a privilege to know that loved people do not leave us .
I like my father , &apos; both in and outside &apos; .
I have always been told that .
I never believed that at the time .
I had difficult relations with him until he became old , sick .
There I was no longer afraid of him and I was able to love him .
One day , he is dead .
For a long time he accompanied me : when I stopped smoking , when I was afraid , when I was wrong ...
He spoke to me and always encouraged me , he was my body .
I saw his hands in looking at mine , I was lending him my body .
But it was never indiscreet .
I have been able to have a personal life .
It left me with my intimacy .
It has lasted for a long time .
Finally , it was comfortable and reassuring to be understood , encouraged and advised .
I no longer know who said that people who died are not forgotten , but are invisible .
My parents are no longer , but I always see them .
Every event , every moment of my life makes me feel here , because I always refer to it : what would they have said , what would they have thought , and what would they have done ?
I always dream of them , perhaps not all the nights but several times a week .
I often dream of the last moments that I have to share with them before it is too late , but there is always one thing that prevents me from doing this .
I often wake up when it comes to me and I feel deeply about their absence .
Sometimes there are dreams , on the contrary , which are part of my history , and indeed they continue to live and share my life .
On the day when I had to know the sex of my baby , I dreamt that I wake up , I walked away from the bed , my father was waiting for me and smiling and rejoicing that I expect a little boy .
The next day , I had the feeling that he had visited me in my sleep to tell me that he was happy to share what came to me .
And of course it was a small boy in my home .
I wanted to share this moment with him and I am happy to tell you that common memory lived after his death .
Five years ago , my grandmother died as a result of cancer .
A year ago she was travelling with my family in Cuba .
That is the shock that his disappearance caused in the young basket I was at the time .
Nevertheless , I have realised my mourning fairly quickly .
But it continues to influence my life , particularly at times when I find myself in difficulties , or when I have to make important decisions .
To take the Arab side and interest me in the Middle East , to the point of turning it into a mouthpiece in a great school , has not , in retrospect , been anonymous choices .
In fact , I often heard him speak Arab in my childhood , and talking about Morocco , where it had lived for decades - before returning to France at the time of independence .
The values she has accused of me are always present , so I think I think how she would like me to act at some point .
The same applies to my attitudes : I am trying to live up to the generosity and the spirit of spirit of the one that was a fervent ferry .
Now I feel it is a daily presence , a benevolent soul , a salvtor spirit .
I see his eyes to me .
My mother died 19 years ago now .
Morte after I spoke to the telephone .
I have gone through all the stages : the lack of understanding , anger , pain , the grievances that are unleashed alone , anywhere , wherever , in untold places , incongruous moments .
Then the time has come to ease the death penalty .
The lack of an answer , a vacuum without response , and the need for it to entrust me with reassurance at the sword of its softness .
But she is there , there is a silent presence , she is there and watching me .
Every morning , I see his concern about me , I see the guys who are increasing his eyes , the rips around the lips that cigarettes , the cons that raise the front day on the front pages .
My mother has taken on my face and she is watching me every morning in my mirror .
And every morning , I turn a blind eye .
My wife and mother of my three children died from cancer to 43 years .
There is always a sense of protection , and nothing serious can happen .
It was his promise on his beacon of pain , so it was gradually rediscovered to smile , and his name is no longer taboo but a comfort .
Of course , I am talking to him in the night of night when the absence of too bad a absence , she invites in my dreams when the morale is a little achieved .
We feel that we are being moved and protected in difficult times , and the time has come for us to realise how much it is orchestra , and we are trying to stay on the path that it had outlined to us .
If one is very much like you , the absence of the absence of the absence of the heart and memories cannot be achieved .
In a way , the loved one is becoming your domestic energy .
I lost my father on 22 August 2008 as a result of asbestos cancer .
I was very close to him , I have always acted according to what he thought or what he appreciated .
I was unable to attend his inhumation and three weeks after his death , I gave birth to a small boy .
If I have sometimes different convictions from him , I always wonder whether my actions are in line with his vision .
I have also had problems in my work for these convictions .
For me , it is impossible to go in the opposite direction , I do not shy away from it and I always wonder what it will think about .
I do not know whether I have adopted his way of being or whether I am just like him : is it genetic ?
In any case , it will always be my reference .
It was a bit like a backlog , there was no need to talk amongst ourselves .
In short , he is here on a daily basis .
I feel that I am here and that makes me happy .
It is almost 30 years since my husband died at the age of 33 .
I was 28 years old and our son 6 years .
The huge sentence that invaded me then has of course diminished , but it is still close to me .
Very often he &apos; landed &apos; in my dreams in such a precise way , so vividly , that I am even more sad to see that this was just a dream .
The other night , he asked me if I was going , I said no , he replied &apos; I descend &apos; , but with such a real voice that I woke up and woken up and turned the horse into the horse and watching everywhere .
I still live in the same house , and often I feel watching and look to see if he is not there , I know that it is he and I am talking to him .
In all the coins I feel that I am here and that makes me happy .
For nothing in the world I would leave that house where we were happy and the spirit lives with me .
I am 58 years old , I have always lived only since his departure , he is and will remain a love of my life .
I would like to make it clear that I am social with a profession of responsibility , and I am standing up and praying , I am a grandmother , I am full of friends , but my heart and soul belong to him and I never speak of him except my son , and I never go to the cemetery .
Iraq
October , in Iraq , was the most deadly month since April 2008 .
Baghdad published official figures this Friday : 964 people lost their lives last month : 855 civilians , 65 policemen and 44 soldiers .
This is the day when the Iraqi Prime Minister is received by the US President .
Noury al-Maliki wants help from the United States .
&apos;We do not say the world to be on our side and support us , we have the right to ask the world because we are part of it &apos; , declared AlMaliki this Thursday in Washington .
And also because , if what is happening in Iraq is not settled , it will expand , and what is happening in Syria will also spread .
And what happens when a virus of terrorism lives and is spreading .
Noury al-Maliki was speaking at the United States Institute for Peace , an independent institution created by Congress .
Outside the building , demonstrators protested against the Iraqi leader .
They were running placards accused , among other things , of being a murderer and calling on the US to refuse to provide aid .
The cocaine lawyer who informed a drug sponsor of a police investigation was imprisoned in prison .
Basharat Ditta , 42 years
The lawyer was afraid that his secret addiction to drugs would be revealed in the light of day .
He was sentenced to a three-year prison sentence by the Liverpool Court of Liverpool .
A great defence lawyer , who informed a drug sponsor of a major police investigation because he was afraid that his secret addiction to drugs was not revealed , was sentenced to three years in prison .
Basharat Ditta , 42 years , gave sensitive information to the crime lord Neil Scarrough about investigations into his activities in connection with drug trafficking after having been compromised because of his habit of eating cocaine .
The lawyer , who was known as &apos; Bash &apos; and regarded by criminals as a &apos; matter of prime importance &apos; , was arrested at home in 2011 following police listen to Scarborough , which he represented in a previous trial in connection with drug trafficking .
The police officials have retrieved Sarborough , 32 years ago , and are tabling three cocaine bags at the home of the lawyer in Blackburn , Lancashire , when he attended a Barreau dinner with colleagues .
Surveys revealed that Ditta was a “ regular consumer ” of this class-class drug after tests showed cocaine traces in his hair , portfolio , and credit cards .
Over a period of eight months between January and August 2011 , he sought illegally to obtain information on the arrest of two men for Scarborough and one of his associates .
The four suspects were monitored by the police at the time in a major investigation into a heroin and cocaine trafficking in the counties of Lancashire , Cumbria , Merseyside , Berkshire and West Yorkshire .
Together with 32 other men , they were subsequently imprisoned after the police seized heroin and cocaine for an amount of £ 1.5 m , and more than £ 200 000 in cash during a series of raids .
Ditta , 42 years , provided information to the criminals because he feared that his drug addiction would be revealed .
Today , in Liverpool , Ditta , who works in the cabinet of Forbes Solidarity in Blackburn , has fallen into disrepute after he was convicted on two charges of charges against justice after a three-week trial .
He had admitted the possession of cocaine in a previous hearing .
The fall of the lawyer came after the police , investigating Scarborough , discovered that he had been regularly in telephone contact with Ditta in February 2011 .
Two investigators followed the suspect and returned him to the home of Ditta , placing drugs , pure to 60 % , under the banner of the lawyer in a black golf gant .
Shortly after the deposit , Scarborough was regularly in telephone contact with Ditta , a dinner at Ewood Park ’ s soccer stadium , the forum of the Blackburn Rop club .
The lawyer has returned home , discovered drugs , and they have telephoned nine times .
The court heard that Ditta was a “ regular consumer ” of cocaine after tests showed traces of the A A drug in his hair , his portfolio and his credit cards .
Ditta was arrested later , but denied cocaine , he said that he had spoken to the alleged drug trafficking because it was his client and argued that their discussions were subject to a &apos; legal privilege &apos; .
During his arrest , Ditta collected his portfolio and tried to withdraw a number of credit cards , but they were all seized and they were taken away from hair sample .
In an interrogation , he said that he had an office at home , as well as at his place of work , and that he arrived at his home in legal matters .
But the court heard evidence that he called major players in the drugs trade , some of whom he had represented , after key arrests to tell them which investigators knew .
The prosecutor Anne Whyte said : &apos; If someone is to know that the law should not be violated , it is a criminal lawyer . &apos;
Mr Diutta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal lawyer and of having been too involved with individual customers .
The relationship we are talking about is not simply a drug drug , but a drug drug drug drug to its own lawyer .
Some of his communications will undoubtedly be legitimate communications because he was his lawyer .
But it went far beyond the ordinary limits of a relationship between a lawyer and his client .
It has hindered the police investigation as much as it has been able to allow it to continue its criminal activities .
Mr Ditta did not honour his profession , but has dishonoured him .
He has come too close to some customers , especially Scarborough , and has allowed his independence to be compromised .
Diutta denied all illegal interference and said : &apos; If I were a corrupt lawyer , what I am not , and if I wanted to provide information to Mr Scarborough , I would not have waited 3 p.m. , I would have done it immediately . &apos;
But after the hearing , the superer Lee Halstead of the Lancashire Policy said : &apos; Mr Ditta has gone from a criminal criminal lawyer himself as he started to get drugs from criminal organisations &apos; .
His addiction to cocaine has been compromised forever and made it vulnerable to the backthought of leaders of organised criminal groups who have charged him with valuable information about police investigations .
lawyers should observe the strictest rules of integrity and create a climate of public confidence .
Mr Diutta betrayed that confidence and tried to hide behind his profession .
Lancashire &apos;s serious and organised crime crime unit conducted the investigation into Mr Diutta , who has been convicted of the three charges for the possession of cocaine and now of the judicial barrier , demonstrating his commitment to prosecute criminals .
Let this case serve as a warning to criminals to know that nobody is above the law .
We will find you and you will be brought before the courts .
Scarborough himself was imprisoned for 14 years after claiming guilty of complicity in heroin , cocaine and cannabis trafficking .
Thirty-five other people involved in trafficking have been sentenced to a total of 153 years in prison for drug trafficking .
On his site , Ditta organised a Question Time / answers on himself , during which he said that his dream joke would be to be a lawyer to represent clients on death row in America , his latest guest to dinner would be Mohammed Ali , and inequality would be what motivates him to work .
Arethana Franklin will go back on the scene in December in December in December .
The Detroit News newspaper reports that the Queen of the soul will take place on 21 December in the Ld Board of the hotel MotorCity Casino .
Mrs Franklin is in November to register an album for Clive Davis and Sony Music , produced by Don Was and Kenny &apos; Babyface &apos; .
Without specifying the disease it suffered , the famous Reflect interpreter told the media on 16 October that the side effects of the treatment it received were &apos; difficult &apos; .
It says &apos; happy to be back &apos; .
Mention reduces the cost of its Christmas illuminations
420 reasons , 2.2 kilometers of seamen covered by a piece of light : one could bestow on Menon with the bill of illuminations .
Fine , which , unlike many municipalities , is more regulated by taxpayers , and not by trading associations .
In order to reduce its costs , the city uses levers .
But there is also a differentiated management of the public lighting network and Christmas decorations .
Los Angeles airport evacuated after a shooting shooting
A shooting took place at Los Angeles international airport .
It was 10.00 a.m. when a man opened fire .
According to local police , there are at least 2 injured .
It would be an employee working for the United States Administration for Transport Security ( TSA ) and the perpetrator of fire .
The incident would have occurred in terminal 3 , causing panic .
Passengers and staff have been rushed to the exit or to the lump .
Very quickly police forces intervened and a man suspected of being the drawer was caught on the roof of an airport park .
The airport is being evacuated and air traffic is being interrupted .
From classic teenagers for teenagers
Each time , the school client will be targeted , an initiative that had been very successful during the previous season .
Through five saynets dreamed up and interpreted by artists in the region , stickers with a great dose of humour are allowing teenagers to vote for classical swathes .
In addition to this spectacle , the Kingdom ’ s lyrical art company will return with its lyrical Destides , a formula that is now filled with the Pulpery of Chiricumi .
Two other consultations will take place in summer 2014 , giving artists in the region the chance to show what they are capable of .
These activities were added to the lyrical Aper , the concert of profit held last August , with the help of the colloano coloratory Marie-Eve Munger .
It was a profit , alongside the artistic dimension , and it helped the profit-making body to produce a financial balance sheet which is as sweet in ears as an air in the mouse .
Without giving precise figures , the chairman of the board , Yves Bergeron , took advantage of yesterday &apos;s press meeting in Chrictimi to be reassuring .
Despite the insecurity of so many cultural institutions , the future is well , even in the long term .
We have a stronger and more consistent way of doing things .
&apos;The finances are afloat and we hope to continue until the 50th anniversary of the operas , a step that we will take in seven years &apos; .
&apos;I would say beyond &apos; , added the Director-General , Hélène Gaudreult , by smiling .
The 37 year-old man who took a child hostage at Gabrile Roy of Surrey faces six charges , according to Canada &apos;s royal Gendarmerie .
Omar Mastapha Hassan has been accused of holding hostage , seizing , threatening threats , wearing weapons in a dangerous design , kidnapping , and failing to comply with an order .
&apos;The rapid reactions of the police involved and their ability to defuse the situation immediately were essential to the security conclusion of this incident &apos; , declared Corporal Bert Pass by means of communiqué .
Omar Hassan is still in detention and will have to appear on Friday .
New demand for collective redress against the Saint Crré brothers
A new request for collective redress has been lodged against the Saint Crré brothers , on sexual assaults this time in the St Joseph ordeal and in several orphanages , colleges and schools .
The request is based on the petitioner &apos;s testimony , identified as &apos; J. J. J &apos; , which would have been mourned in the 1950 &apos;s , first in Espie-des-Negges by her professor , the Soudré brother , then by his holder , Father Bernard , at the Saint Joseph orb , where he was serving a mass and his father worked as paint .
The first appeal was only three institutions , and when the Rules of Procedure were announced , many people said to us : &apos; I was in such a place , I am able to register &apos; , told the lawyer Alain Arsenult , who defends the victims in both cases .
The collective redress that has just been tabled has the special characteristics of allowing complainants from any institution where abuses could have been carried out by members of the consolation of Saint Crré .
At present , the complaint brings together the complaints of 25 people who claim to have been attacked by the Saint Cross brothers .
The alleged facts are generally older than those referred to in the first appeal , since several of the establishments targeted closed in the 1960s .
The appeal also underlines that the consolation of Saint Crré and the Saint Joseph ordeal , which is a separate entity , &apos; allowed sexual abuse of children &apos; , that they &apos; have exercised a moral , religious and psychological constraint on the victims &apos; , that they &apos; knew about the sexual abuse of the victims and have nevertheless stifled them &apos; .
These latest accusations are based , among other things , on letters drawn up by the lawyer of the Saint Crré brothers , Me Emile Perrin , in the 1990s , but also by the research carried out in the archives on this subject by the brother Wilson Kennedy , a former brother of Saint Cross who publicly denounced the abuses .
Collective redress must first of all take the stage of admissibility into the higher court .
Once the Court admits admissibility , the second stage is the hearings on the substance .
In the case of the first appeal , the consolation of Saint Crré had agreed to settle amicably before hearings are carried out .
Fire fire in trade in trade in trade in trade
A fire caused serious damage to a trade in the arral of LaSalle in Montreal on Thursday night at Friday .
The aid was called on to 1h , Friday , because of a fire that had declared itself in the subsoil of an Indian kitchen restaurant on the Dolard route , near the intersection with the Ranje street .
The 30 firefighters who have been sent to the site have taken almost an hour to control the polemic .
The fire has &apos; caused serious damage to the structure of the building &apos; , indicated the head of the Montreal fire security service , Richard Bordeaux .
The cause of the fire was unknown , but there was no one in restaurant when the fire fighters arrived .
There have been no injuries , but almost 20 housing , located at the first and second floor of this strand of commercial premises , had to be evacuated .
The Red Cross was requested , because residents of one of the flats could have to be temporarily off , indicated the SM .
Many opposition to medical aid to die in the Congress of palliative care
The Canadian palliative care Congress , which is taking place this week in Ottawa , comes a few days after the vote in favour of the draft law on medical aid to die in Quebec .
This is an opportunity for several palliative care associations to reaffirm their disagreement .
If all patients had access to effective care to alleviate their suffering , as well as being able to stay at home , very few would like to end their days , according to a spokesman from the Canadian palliative care Association , Maryse Butte .
If the emphasis was placed on palliative care in Canada , the euthanasia approach would become minimal .
The president of the Quebec palliative care Network also rejects the draft law on medical aid to die .
If it is adopted , Alberte Déry is concerned about the consequences for future generations .
&apos;What is the meaning of life &apos; , is it regrettable ?
The majority of palliative care houses will refuse to help patients die , according to the Vice-President of the Alliance of palliative care houses , Suzanne Fitzback .
Mrs Fitzback , who is the head of the Mathiu-Francome Savse house in Gatteau , believes that the service would be unnecessary anyway .
We never ask ourselves : &apos; I want to die , give me an injection &apos; .
The Director of the Atario palliative care Association , Rick Firth , believes that the Quebec bill is disorientating the population about the vocation of palliative care .
He does not believe that the Ontario will follow suit .
For its part , the liberal Member of Gatille , Stéphania Vallés , says that the concept of the end of life must be clarified before the draft law is adopted .
The Kenyan press is indignant about the controversial media law
&apos;It is a frightening country and it is legitimate to ask the following question : what will prevent Parliament from wiping out the independence of the justice system tomorrow ? &apos; , said the newspaper by challenging the draft law and calling for it to be declared unconstitutional .
“ This law is draconian and very punitive , and we reject it , ” explained Pyrus Kamau , Director General of Capital Group – the owner of ChetalFM , one of the most respected independent news stations and websites in Kenya .
He said that the new media court &apos; will always be biased because it is an extension of the government &apos; and the restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya &apos;s place in the global economy .
&apos;I hope that the President will listen to us , and we ask him to reject this draft law and refer it back to the Members &apos; .
According to the Star newspaper , the new bill will allow the government to have “ media control ” ; the Standard has indicated that democracy and freedom of opinion in Kenya “ had suffered a hard blow ” and called the bill “ draconian . ”
The adoption of the bill comes at the same time as a package of measures aimed at strengthening national security in the wake of the attack by armed Islamists in the Westgate trade centre last September .
The Kenyan media gave rise to anger by the authorities by disseminating images of video cameras on which the troops deployed on the scene of the attack supposedly depressed the luxury commercial centre .
The police chief , David Kimaiyo , responded by convening two journalists and a media officer to ask them , even though the convening was withdrawn after a media shield was lifted .
Under the new bill , the media can be punishable by fines of up to 20 million Kenyan shillings and journalists up to 1 million with the additional risk of being &apos; radiated &apos; or of receiving official accreditation .
The court also has the power to seize the assets of a offender if he did not pay his fine .
According to Daily Nation , “ even one fine is enough to paralyse most FM stations . ”
He also says that the measures could have a devastating effect on what he described as Kenya ’ s “ animated blogosphere . ”
By cutting the media in silence , politicians know that they can do what they want with impunity .
“ No one will ever know , ” wrote Mutuma Mathiu , a journalist in The Nation , describing the Kenyan media as a key source of control in public life .
“ Livmed to themselves , politicians would put the country in bankruptcy and bring us back to hunting and to the cut-off . ”
Kenyan legislators have been the target of popular anger in the past .
In May , they took a stand against the cuts made by the National Commission for salaries and restored their mollifying salaries of around 532 000 shillings per month of tax exemption – which are among the highest in the world .
A difficult New Year for pharmacists
Laval ’ s departure from nearly 10 pharmacists to the Social Health and Social Services Centre in Laval caused a great deal to be done in the direction of the Cite-Health Hopital in 2012-2013 .
As a result of multiple retirement , maternity leave , or very short leave , the Pharmacist department has found itself in a very poor position in staff .
There was almost 30 % of the staff needed , making this financial year &apos; very difficult &apos; , according to the department of the department , Gillian Beaudlet .
However , the SS has decided not to employ an independent workforce , which can cost up to three times as much as a full-time pharmacist .
There was no use of the breakdown , explained Mrs Beaudelet .
Some of our activities have been streamlined or reduced within the framework of the establishment , the time that is going on .
It is clear that we have worked hard to interest our young people in pharmacies to come and stay here .
There is a contest of circumstances which has meant that we were in a bad situation last year .
Improving improved Situation Situation improved improved
After this difficult period , 2013-2014 will be much easier for the SS SS Department .
Already , three pharmacists are returning to work after their maternity leave and three other pharmacists have been hijacked over the last few months .
In addition , the efforts made by the department to retain have borne fruit , because the four pupils now under house arrest in Laval have also decided to remain on the CSSS .
Now it is much better , has highlighted the pharmacist .
By the end of the financial year , we will have seven new pharmacists and three maternity returns .
This will therefore close our departure from last year .
Less ever ever rising , Less ever more , ever growing
However , the situation remains delicate .
Several factors , such as the shortage of hospital pharmacists or the predominance of young women in the profession , make situations such as that experienced in 2012 difficult .
For us &#91; the number of staff &#93; is always precarious , because we have a young environment and many young women are employed , so with pregnancies , you almost always drive three maternity leave when it is good , it added .
The last year we have had much more and there are no pharmacists who are available to make replacement , so it was more difficult .
The 22 years do not start his career in cinema by the back door .
Lars von Trier chose him to embody Charlote Gainsburg young in Nypehomania , his next film .
This pornographic drama is rampant , in eight chapters that will emerge in two parts ( on 1 and 8 January 2014 ) , the eroding memories of a quadragenan increase gender since its adolescence .
The resemblance of Stay Martin with his old age is striking : a shuttle of shells , a diphane tale and Franco-English origins .
Not forgetting a certain taste of the risk : the one who had not hesitated to lay blunt on ice paper is going to be manifested in much more sophisticated situations on a large screen .
An extract from Nymphomania raised the temperature on the Web : Stay Martin appears to be on the verge and in full extachment with Shia LaBeouf .
If the filmmaker has asked its actors to put their punches on the shelf , he used X professionals for the most oked sex scenes , before merging all the bodies numerically : above the belt , it is star .
From Björk to Charlotte Gainsburg , to Nicole Kidman , Lars von Trier is accustomed to pushing his supporters into their last , always for the better .
Stay Martin has not finished talking about it .
A Narlo-evaceated CGLs
On Thursday evening , the first sitting of a film was interrupted at Noubon CGR in Narbon , a precautionary measure , as a result of the gate piggers felt by the spectators .
Immediately , the director of the establishment has carried out the evacuation of the room and warned the firemen for a suspect smell .
Some 70 people have emerged from the sitting .
People have been examined and full recognition of the Chamber has not given any indication .
Little joke ?
Or an involuntary incident ?
However , the management of the cinema has played the precautionary principle and the safety of its clients .
The room has been postponed and everything has gone into order .
The cinema has been able to regain its rights and customers regain the pleasure of the images .
Only on screen alone .
She is trying to import 2 kg of cocaine into chrops
As a result of the Hallwean day , a woman tried to get two kilos of cocaine hidden in cirols , on Thursday morning , at Montreal-Trupresent airport .
It was during the examination of the baggage of the passenger that drugs were detected .
The cocaine had been distributed in three cibels having previously been broken .
Drugs were then transported to the Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Office of Canada ( GRC ) which took over in this investigation .
The Canada border service agency ( SAFC ) did not reveal where the woman came from when it was intercepted .
It was part of the investigation , indicated Jadein Roby , spokesman for the SAFC .
What I can tell you is that it came to the country .
Since the beginning of 2013 , border service agents at the Montreal-Trupresent airport have carried out 173 seizures of drugs , including 10 cocaine seizures for a total of 44 kilograms .
In 2012 , agents of border services in the Quebec region carried out a total of 1653 seized drugs .
Air strikes in Syria
According to the Lebanese army , Israeli aircraft entered Lebanese airspace on Wednesday at the beginning of the afternoon , but the strikes took place this evening .
A shipment of short-range air missiles SA-8 would have been targeted and destroyed .
This new aviation raid on the Syrian territory ( the sixth since the beginning of the year , according to the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz ) has been confirmed neither by Israel nor by Syria .
The raid took place in almost the same circumstances on 5 July : at the time , it was also an anonymous American official who confirmed in CNN an Israeli attack on the Yakhai offshore missiles .
Israeli officials had not concealed their irritation to see Washington reveal the attack , at the risk of forcing President Assad to react .
The Ukraine
The credit rating agency Standard &amp; Poce lowered Ukraine &apos;s creditworthiness on Friday , questioning the capacity of the former Soviet Republic , in recession for more than a year , to face its financial obligations .
The note of the country ’ s government debt securities goes to &apos; B- &apos; , moving into the category of speculative investment .
It has a negative perspective , S &amp; amp ; &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ; &amp; # 45 ;
“ It is becoming less and less likely that government strategy will allow enough foreign currencies to meet its high external financing needs , ” explains the US agency .
The agency notes that Ukraine ’ s foreign-exchange reserves fell by 26 % between September 2012 and September 2013 and that the trend will continue .
This makes it difficult to repay loans abroad .
These reserves , to which the authorities rely heavily to support the local currency , the collapse of hryvnia , the agency is increasingly likely to devalue , which would increase its external debt .
Kiev also needs liquidity to settle gas imports to Russia , which accuse him of not having paid a bill of $ 882 million .
This announcement is bad news for Ukrainian power in a period of severe tension with its Russian neighbour , furious of Kiev &apos;s willingness to sign an association agreement with the EU at the end of November .
It was made public after the publication of official statistics showing that the country &apos;s economy had suffered from July and September its fifth quarter of the contract .
Its relatively modest debt , still relatively modest , has soared in recent years and S &amp; amp ; P to 33.5 % of GDP , compared to less than 10 % before the 2008-2009 crisis .
The country , in the budget deficit , has for months been calling for assistance from the International Monetary Fund , which granted it a credit of USD 15.3 billion in 2010 and has currently released only 3.4 billion .
But the Fund refuses to pay any new tranche until the country adopts unpopular reforms to reduce its deficit , notably by increasing gas prices to the population .
After a new unsuccessful mission in the country , the IMF noted this week that &quot; major external financing needs &quot; were &quot; vulnerability &quot; , while at the same time showing &quot; signs of economic improvement &quot; .
However , for the economist Oleksandr Jolud , the Center for Political Ethics , &apos; one cannot expect a short-term improvement &apos; .
&apos;There is little hope that unpopular reforms will be launched in a pre-election year &apos; , the presidential elections being planned in 2015 , the expert , interviewed with the AFP .
The only hope is an improvement in the international situation .
S &amp; # 160 ; &amp; # 45 ; The &apos; uncertainty &apos; linked to the possible signing of an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which Brussels depends on for the release of the opposition Yulia Tymoshenko .
&apos;Spending the agreement would be positive for long-term trade , but there may be negative negative consequences in the short and medium terms linked to Russia &apos;s response &apos; , and has explained S &amp; P , which fears &apos; trade restrictions &apos; on the part of Moscow .
Russia , which accounts for a quarter of Ukrainian exports , warned that , in the event of a free trade area between the EU and Kiev , it should strengthen its border controls on imported goods .
The United States Green Paper for the Pulicicise-Omnicom merger
Pulictis and Omnicom said on Friday that there was no objection from the US authorities to their merger , thus moving closer to the creation of the first global advertising agency .
The merger brings the second global agency , Omnicom , and the third .
&apos;Omnicom Group and Pulictis Group have today announced the expiry of the previously announced merger of Pulictis Group and Omnicom , provided for by the Har-Scott-Rodrino Analysis Act . &apos;
They state that they have also received the necessary authorisations in Canada , India and Turkey , after South Africa and South Korea .
The expiry of the review period planned by the HSR in the United States and the authorisation decisions issued in other jurisdictions satisfy several of the conditions necessary for the operation of the operation .
&apos;The merger is also conditional on obtaining other regulatory authorisations and the approval of the shareholders of both groups &apos; , and they are adding .
the Congolese army hijacked the rebels from M23
The Congolese army ( FARC ) announced on Thursday that its units were going to drive the rebels from M23 to their bases in the forests and mountains of North Kivu bordering Rwanda and Uganda .
M23 is on the verge of being beaten after being driven out of the north-east of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) , which it was controlling from the beginning , 20 months ago .
&apos;We shall continue the M23 and pass it on wherever it is &apos; because it is criminals &apos; , told Reuters the Colonel Olivier Hamuli , spokesman for the FARC .
We must not allow them to reorganise themselves because they marry the Congolese people for too long .
The time has come for peace to be restored .
M23 officials have explained that they have evacuated the localities under diplomatic pressure and Bertrand Bissimwa , who is a politician of the rebellion , said on the RFI that these military setbacks would not change his claims to the peace talks .
They , according to the Ugandan mediators , resumed on Wednesday in Kampala between the government in Kinshasa and M23 .
There are cracks in the hills that dominate Bunagana , the last town in the hands of the insurgents who fell this week , and around Runyoni , a hill where the M23 rebellion came into being in 2012 .
At their peak in November , the insurgents occupied Goma , the hat in the province of North Kivu , taking advantage of the flight from the governmental gardon and the passivity of Monusco &apos;s blue helves .
Goma ’ s fall brought the United Nations Mission in the DRC , the world ’ s largest workforce , to strengthen its mandate and to form a rapid intervention brigade consisting of South African , Malawan , and Tanzanian soldiers .
For its part , the headquarters of the FARC has been reconstructed , and the army has gone to the offensive against M23 , which has changed the course of the war .
The pace of progress in government troops is now unprecedented .
&apos;M23 seems to be coming to an end &apos; , predicting a Congolese business expert , Json Stearns , on his blog Congo Siasa .
This would be historic - it would be the first time that the government in Kinshasa was able to beat a major insurgency .
It would also be the first time since 1996 that no armed group in Rwanda would be present in the east of the DRC .
United Nations experts accuse Rwanda , which denies it fiercely , to support M23 militarily , which was made up of former Congolese soldiers .
British diplomacy , William Hague , invited Rwandan President Paul Kagame to exercise restraint , announced a spokesman for the Foreign Office .
Last week , Kigali talked about the possibility of military retaliation following the shells falling into Rwandan territory .
On Wednesday , the people of Bunagana invaded the streets of the bourgade to welcome the entry of FARC soldiers .
&apos;We lived for a year with M23 and it seemed unimaginable to be one day liberated by the army &apos; , testimony to a person from the neighbouring town of Uganda .
&apos;We have lived in terror ( from M23 ) , we are traumatized &apos; .
The tests carried out by the Pasur Institute on a patient suspected of being infected by coronavirus were negative , announced the Ministry of Health .
It states that &apos; the two cases identified in May 2013 remain the only two cases confirmed in France to date &apos; .
Tuesday , the 43-year-old patient was suspected of being reached , having returned from Saudi Arabia , a country where the disease has already claimed 50 deaths .
Chevron , the second American oil company , reported on Friday that its quarterly benefit is falling because of the decline in its refining margins , while its oil and gas production has increased while remaining behind the group &apos;s objectives .
Its net benefit from the third quarter fell to $ 4.95 billion , or $ 2.57 per action , compared to 5.25 billion , or $ 2.69 per year .
The analysts surveyed by Reuters relied on an average of $ 2.71 per year .
The group has produced 2.59 million barrels of oil per day in the quarter , on the increase compared to the 2.52 million beam produced a year ago .
Society is targeted at 2.65 million beam for this year , with a 25 % growth in the expected production by 2017 .
The major part of growth in the coming years will come from its liquefied natural gas projects in Australia .
Because of the cost of these projects , annual investment spending has increased by $ 7 billion in two years and is expected to reach $ 36.7 billion in 2013 .
The profits from production activities have decreased slightly in the third quarter , while the profits of downstream activities ( including refining and chemical production ) fell from 45 % to $ 380 million .
This reduction in refining margins affects the whole sector .
So Chevron ’ s main competitor , Exxon Mobil , reported on Thursday of a declining net benefit , despite the increase in oil and oil production .
Total transport : the complaint deemed admissible admissible : the complaint deemed admissible admissible .
The School Commission of Sherbrooke ( CSRS ) has been demanding $ 150 per pupil ( up to $ 300 per family ) since the beginning of the school year for pupils who benefit from school transport to two homes , a service provided by the organisation .
Before the changes made to the last budget , no financial contribution was requested .
&apos;There is a mediation service proposed by the committee and I was interested &apos; , explains Mrs Lefat .
According to her , the CSRS was invited to mediation and asked for a further time to reflect on it .
&apos;It is always better to talk about it , to consult and to find solutions &apos; , Mrs Lefat .
The School Commission of the Sherbrooke Region ( CSRS ) did not want to comment .
The organisation has only meant that mediation is part of the process in a complaint .
Imbazlio around the closure of the Hopel-God emergencies
Faced with the fronts of some of the staff and several trade unions , including the CGT , the health minister , Marisoll Toure , on 10 July , decided to &apos; delay the timetable for implementing the project , and in particular the date of closure of emergencies which cannot take place on 4 November &apos; .
An official request &apos; to do no risk to the handling of emergencies in Paris at the beginning of the winter &apos; , but which also sought not to hinder the campaign campaign for a few months from the municipalities .
Despite the ministerial instructions , the closure should still be effective on that date .
Even if , in the APHP , we prefer to use the term &apos; transformation &apos; or &apos; change in continuity &apos; .
As of 4 November , the fire brigades that provide around a quarter of the 40 000 annual passages in the Hoptel-God emergency emergencies will all have been instructed to take 30 serious cases a day to the emergencies of other Paris hospitals .
This date of 4 November also corresponds to the renewal of intermitts .
In the Hhotel-God , the specialized inner inner inner will leave five internal medicine .
As for the transfer of beds of internal medicine , it is scheduled for this month .
&apos;The Hotel-God emergency service must close in the shortest possible time , and for us , it is 4 November &apos; , unmistakable Loc Cannon , the chairman of the APHP &apos;s Medical Eestablishment Committee , which supports the management project .
&apos;On 4 November , there will be no more patients from fire fighters , only people coming from their own means &apos; , confirms Professor Jean-Yves Fagon , the medical head of the new Hoptel-God .
&apos;But we shall continue to host patients as emergency &apos; , tempting them , claiming the permanent presence of SMUR vehicles on site to transfer serious cases .
Senior senior doctors will remain on the spot , and they will do so .
However , it is up to the ARS to decide the closure of the host service .
&apos;Things are being done gradually &apos; , answers Nicolas Péju , spokesperson for the ARS , for whom , on 4 November , &apos; there will be no change in terms of the service provided &apos; .
&apos;The Minister lied or lied to him &apos; , she deplores the Argentine doctor , Gérld Kierzek .
As head of the SMUR leader at the beginning of July for leading the frontline against the reorganisation project , it is defined as a &apos; warning knell &apos; in the face of a &apos; cynical &apos; decision taken by &apos; the police and administrative technostructure &apos; .
&apos;They are in the process of destroying and suffocating emergencies that were renovated less than five years ago &apos; .
For him , &apos; if other Paris emergency services could absorb the surplus , there would be no problem &apos; .
However , they are regularly engulfted .
For example , there are nine hours of waiting for emergencies in Lariboier .
In the ARS , it is argued that thirty &apos; dispelled &apos; patients on several sites are not in danger of representing a &apos; avalanche &apos; in other emergency services , the human resources of which have also been strengthened .
In both the ARS and the APHP , the &apos; new hospital model &apos; has already been set up since 7 October and should continue to receive 30 000 to 35 000 patients per year .
By the end of the year , liberal liberal doctors should also be involved in the establishment of a &apos; permanent ambulatory care &apos; .
&apos;Where will people be asked if people are asked to diagnose themselves &apos; , ask Gérild Kierzek for &apos; the serious emergency concept &apos; is &apos; dangerous &apos; and marks a &apos; medical regression &apos; .
This will happen as in the case of Level 3 motherhood .
People are not mad , they will go where there is the best offer of care .
If the Minister does not take a measure by Monday , we will change the hand , warn Christopher Prudman , an urgent doctor and a member of the CGT Health .
We will be even more present in the municipal campaign and we are going to think about presenting a list .
In the team of Nathhan Kosciusko-Morizet , Vincent Roger , the UMP councillor from Paris and elected from the 4th arrow , clearly announces that &quot; even if the Paris UMP was to maintain emergencies in Hower God .
Anne Hidalgo , the candidate candidate , once again recalled on Monday morning , on France , that she had voted in favour of a moratorium so that there would be no closure on 4 November .
If that were the case , it would mark its net disagreement , highlights Bruno Julliard , his spokesman .
Even if the restructuring of the Hopel-God has its fundamental legitimacy , we cannot accept it without an acceptable pattern of postponement to other hospitals .
Obama terminates the IMF and the World Bank to the IMF and the World Bank
Barack Obama ordered the National Security Agency ( NSA ) to put an end to the tapping of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in its intelligence activities , indicating an American official , Thursday .
This decision is part of the White House &apos;s attempt to take over in the NSA &apos;s case of listening after the revelations made by former analysts Edward Snowden , refugee in Russia .
This is the first time the IMF and World Bank surveillance has been mentioned by the intelligence agency since the scandal began .
On the subject , a US administration official replied : “ The US does not carry out electronic supervision of the World Bank and IMF seats in Washington . ”
In the name of anonymity , this official did not specify whether such monitoring had been established in the past .
Another official said that Barack Obama had given an order to stop these practices in the past weeks .
This instruction was given at roughly the same time as that ending the headphones of the UN headquarters in New York .
In this context , the senatorial Commission of Intelligence approved a strengthening of controls on government monitoring programmes , but allowed them to continue .
The committee introduced new restrictions on data that intelligence agencies are allowed to collect and imposed a five-year limit for the retention of this information .
The UN \ u0027s New Deal of Packaging Poverty
The United Nations will now start working on a new set of objectives aimed at replacing the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , which had been set up 12 years ago to combat global poverty .
Australian diplomats have played a key role in promoting the “ sustainable development goals ” aimed at replacing the MDGs , which will expire in 2015 , before the United Nations Summit on Sustainable Development , which began on the eve of Rio de Janeiro .
They included the final draft of the document , which will be adopted by world leaders , including Mrs Gillard , at the summit .
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on the eve of the summit that it is now time to “ go beyond national interests . ”
&apos;I am pleased that the Member States have agreed to launch and appropriate the process of setting universal sustainable development objectives ( ODD ) , &apos; he added .
These DDD will be based on the progress made in the Millennium Development Goals and will be an integral part of the post-2015 development framework .
I will do my utmost to fulfil the mandate given to me by the Member States to realise our vision of sustainable development objectives based on the success of the MDGs .
The security concerns in Mozambique are growing at the same time as there are conflicts between powerful figures .
The founding president of Mozambique , the founding president of Mozambique , who toiled them , thousands of people gathered in the centre of Maputo to drown peaceful slogans in a rare public demonstration .
&apos;We want peace to return ; we want stability &apos; , said Vanessa de Sousa , the Director-General of an investment society .
Inspired for the future of his country , she has exchanged his working clothing against a tee-shirt with the mention &apos; We want security &apos; in Portuguese before joining the crowded crowd on the Independence of the capital of the capital Thursday .
For two weeks , there were almost every day reports of conflicts between government forces and the Renao , the worst clouds since the peace agreement signed more than 20 years ago .
The Renao was once a famous rebel movement , backed initially by Rhodesia governed by whites and then the apartheid government in South Africa as part of efforts to destabilize the country ’ s independent government .
After a peace agreement signed in 1992 , it became an opposition party .
analysts believe that the country should not fall back into an open conflict , but recent events have shaken foreign investors and the local population .
The challenge is considerable for the growing economy , as the discovery of huge reserves of offshore gas and coal deposits in the north-west could attract more than $ 50 trillion of investment over the coming years from companies like Rio Tino , Brazil ’ s Vale , Eneither Italy , and Anadarko in the United States .
The Flago , the governing party , and the main political force since 1975 , and the Renao blame each other for tensions .
The Renao declares that the government was responsible for the recent clashes and launched an attack on its members in Sofa province , a traditional bastion of the Renao on 17 October .
The assaults on former rebels then degenerated when government forces attacked the Renao bases and attempted to kill Aafso Dhakama , the group leader , and Fernando Maazanga , the Ro spokesman , according to the Financial Times .
The government makes the Renao responsible for triggering conflicts , and accused it of attacking soldiers .
President Armando Guebuza has sought to minimize concerns about instability .
Mr Guebuza said on Wednesday to the AFP , the French press agency , that Mr Dhakama regarded himself as a &apos; loser &apos; who wanted to use &apos; all the forces he left to try to prove that he could impose his decisions on the government &apos; .
The Flago and Reny insist that they both want to avoid war .
But the concern grew up after Mr Maazanga said that the Renaus was abandoning the 1992 peace agreement .
He said at the FT that he wanted to say that the agreement was no longer respected by the Flago .
&apos;We want to resume the negotiations , but with the utmost seriousness &apos; , Mr Maazanga has indicated .
Previous discussions between the parties have failed to allay the tensions fueled by a series of conflicts this year .
“ These are two great men ( Guebuza and Dhlakama ) who have not stopped arguing , and explained Joseph Hanlon , a confer of the open and specialist University of Mozambique .
None of them knows well and none of them is prepared to make the necessary concessions .
The Renao , which is in favour of electoral reforms , had already said that it would boycott the municipal elections to take place in November .
The presidential and legislative elections are scheduled for next year .
Some commentators have interpreted his use of force as an attempt by a sick movement to obtain concessions and a treasure of war by the government .
The share of the votes collected by the Rence has been declining since 1992 , while a new party , the Mozambique Democratic Movement ( MDM ) , which was created by a former Ro member , should gain more votes in the elections .
Mr Mazanga said that Mr Guebuza – who should withdraw at the end of his second term next year – wanted to destroy democracy in the country .
&quot; He does not want a multi-party democracy , he does not want transparent elections , he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency &quot; , said Mr Maazanga .
We do not know exactly what the Renao &apos;s capacity is , but it has carried out shameless attacks on police stations and vehicles on a major north-south motorway axis .
Most of the clouds have taken place in the province of Sofaa , which is situated several hundred kilometres away from the north of Maputo , but where there is Beira , where mining companies , particularly Rio Tino and Vale , are exporting coal .
In June , Rio was no longer able to use the railways for about a week after the Ro threatened to attack the railway line .
Mr Maazanga was mistakenly timid when he was asked whether the Ret would respond to this threat .
The Reno wanted to “ warn the international community that things are not going well in Mozambique , ” Mr Mazanga indicated .
instability has strengthened the frustrations of the government , declares Fernando Lima , the director of Mediacop , an independent media company , and many people are also concerned about corruption , slow development and the recent wave of kidnappings .
&apos;People think that those responsible for the future of the country are the government and the President , and that it is up to him to find solutions to the problems &apos; , he explained .
Omar Sultuane , a demonstration , said that people only wanted stability .
“ Nobody cares about the Reno or FRONTo , they just want to return to peace , they want free access to roads , ” he added .
We should learn the myths and legends to children as “ lifestyle models , ” the author says .
Thor ’ s Lory could show that “ the brutal force does not wield weight in the face of subtle ruse , ” while artheal legends reveal the importance of having a dream .
To say that many myths would be “ far too violent , far too scandalous , and in some cases far too obscure to be taught at school , ” Crosle-Holand advocated a “ careful selection ” of works suited to age .
&apos;I find it wonderful that in America , myths and folklore are already part of education &apos; .
I have been in favour of this project for 20 years .
He added that the fact that authors and teachers are “ openly didactic ” means that children are “ completely out ” , the messages being “ sublied ” in pleasant stories .
Crous-Holland , who translated Beowulf from Anglo-Saxon and wrote the Pengin Book of Norse Myths and British Volk Tales , said : “ You may have good intentions , but you want to keep them out of sight . ”
Perhaps the big difference between an adult writer writer for adults and an adult writer writing for children is the need to offer hope .
Not that everything needs to be simplified or completed , but there is an unborn sense of good and evil .
And it must be sublied ; revealed through a history rather than declared .
The well-known basis of what is shown and is not said .
An armed branch of Hamas has been killed this evening and another wounded by a fire of Israeli prayer in the Gaza Strip was learned from medical and security sources in Gaza .
According to these sources , these activists led to a surveillance operation in the border area between Palestinian territory and Israel when they seized a shrewd shell of an Israeli banner .
Evidence of the NSA : the US is &apos; gone too far &apos; .
The US has sometimes gone “ too far ” in espionage , recognized Secretary of State John Kerry , in Washington ’ s first confession in the midst of Europe on the massive collection of data by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
After ten days of scandal , revelations and denials between the US and its European allies , this is the first time that an American official official has explicitly recognised controversial practices in the NSA interception of communications and data in Europe .
&apos;In some cases I concede that , as the President has done , some of these actions have gone too far and we are going to ensure that this is no longer in the future &apos; , said John Kerry at a conference in London which he had been participating in since Washington on Thursday , 31 October .
In his resubmitted speech , in the presence of his British counterpart William Hague , US diplomacy has long justified the intelligence and gathering of information by the necessary fight against terrorism and prevention against possible attacks .
Invoining the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Madrid attacks in March 2004 and those in London in July 2005 , John Kerry ensured that the US authorities had since deposed numerous attacks , thanks to the interception of communications and the collection of information .
&apos;We have in fact prevented aircraft from falling , buildings are not explored and people are being murdered , because we were able to be informed in advance of these projects &apos; , and argued the boss of American diplomacy .
And , having said John Kerry to the Europeans , &apos; I assure you that in this process of innocent people has not been deceived &apos; .
But we are trying to gather information .
&apos;And yes , in some cases it has gone too far &apos; , has still admitted the Secretary of State , who had already had to speak on this international scandal at a tour last week in Paris , London and Rome .
On Thursday evening he assured us that President Obama was &apos; determined to try and clarify and review these practices so that nobody feels wrong &apos; .
But the controversy between Americans and Europeans has continued to incur this week with new revelations in the press .
According to the Washington Post , the NSA intercepted data of hundreds of millions of Google and Yahoo users .
The newspaper , which quotes documents from the former NSA consultant Edward Snowden , states that the &apos; MUSCUR &apos; programme , with the British NSA counterpart , GCHQ , allows both agencies to recover data from the optical fibres used by Internet giants .
According to one of the documents , some 181 million elements had been collected in January last year - ranging from metrics to e-mails , text elements or audio or video documents .
These interceptions would take place outside the US .
But Yahoo and Google denied any connection with these practices .
For ten days , several major newspapers in France , Germany , Spain , and Italy have revealed that the NSA would have intercepted data and communications from allies from the US and their leaders , including German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Faced with the anger of European states , and while leaks in the American press claimed that the US president was not aware of such listened , Barack Obama refused to speak on this subject , invoking national security .
On the other hand , the boss of powerful NSA , General Kevh Alexander , has denied him that his intelligence agency has captured tens of millions of communications from European citizens .
He even referred the ball to the European intelligence services who would have seized these communications before providing them with the NSA .
This would involve &apos; military operations &apos; in countries where these NATO allies cooperate with the United States , and that would not be aimed at Europe .
And the controversy spread on Friday to Asia .
Indonesia has convened Australia &apos;s ambassador , whose mission is accused of being used by the Americans as part of a vast international espionage network , which has also provoked China .
Paris Saint Germana will receive Lorte Friday without his master asset , the Swede Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who is injured , announcing the League 1 club in a communiqué .
The PSG , the leader of the championship in Monaco , unlike aims , broadcast the list of players detained for the 12th day match , without there being the 32 years .
The communiqué simply says that it is &apos; injured &apos; , without specifying the nature of the injury .
However , he was suffering from the inhibitation of the left in his return to selection at the beginning of the month .
A ceremony in memory of the deceased deceased
At 11 a.m. , a secular ceremony , in memory of all the deceased deceased in its establishment during the year , organises a secular ceremony .
Anne Hidalgo , a Socialist candidate in the Paris City , must attend there and then explain at a press conference his proposals on funeral .
In order to follow the ceremony , let me quote the above .
For their own histories , more and more French choose creeping , rather than inhumation : 53 % , according to a Ipsos study carried out on 6 and 7 September with 1009 people , instead of 47 % .
The opposite is the case : the French prefer inhumation ( 53 % against 47 % ) .
If they have the misfortune to lose a child , they are only 15 % to choose the cream .
In his book the Death in the ash , Dami Le Guay , the philosopher and vice-president of the National Committee on Ethics of Ethics , insists on the &apos; violence &apos; of creeping , for survivors .
With the creation , &apos; violence of the loved body &apos; , which is going to be &apos; reduced to a lot of ash &apos; in a very short space of time , not after a process of decay , which &apos; would accompany the phases of mourning &apos; .
There is also &apos; symbolic violence &apos; , which consists of &apos; erasing singularity and distinguishing signs &apos; to the &apos; anonymity &apos; of the ash .
Why is it that , in some Nordic countries and Protestants , what is readily accepted is still ill-lived in France ?
&apos;Because the creation is a new fact &apos; , answers Marie-Frédeque Bacés , chairperson of the Thanatology Society and author of the book Aper .
It has been tolerated only since 1963 by the Catholic Church , which has limited the attempts to apportion it .
To call for the creation is for François Mithod-Nérard , Director General of the Hille Heights in the City of Paris , to provide for the defunct a ceremony as worthy as the one to which he would be entitled .
The annual Ipsos survey shows a very strong commitment to the organisation of the ceremony .
77 % of the French want one , for their loved ones , to be religious ( 53 % ) , or civilian ( 24 % ) .
Now 73 % of those who have chosen a creat want a ceremony .
66 % of atheists or non-believers also want it .
The crematorians have adapted to this development in society .
&quot; For ten years , they have been trying to avoid the violence of a wait for families , without doing anything , for an hour and a half , immediately followed by the surrender of the ash &quot; , observing Mr Michod-Nérard .
70 % of the institutions now offer ceremonial masters , who carry out the body , the following ritual : welcoming the assembly , naming the defunct , linking it to others , raising it , giving meaning to his death , organising the goodness .
This is the case with the Car Lachy crematorium since 1998 .
The masters of ceremony are often people who have reconverted .
There are also former Catholic priests .
It is in this context that since 2010 the crematorium of the Father Lashais has been organising a number of ceremonies of remembrance , secular and non-religious , to which he invites the families of those who were creative in the year .
For the second consecutive year , one of these ceremonies is retransmitted to those who could not travel .
The crematorium has allowed us to emulate it .
In the Seye , housing rehousing as a result of rats turns into controversy .
At the beginning of the week , a family left its apartment at the height of the Frutidor D2 building , owing to the presence of rats .
Faced with the urgency of the situation , the Director of the South Habitat Office of South Habitat has , in an exceptional and provisional way , proposed that the couple and its three children be resettled in a new T4 .
Yet the family refuses &apos; for financial reasons &apos; and the situation is blocked .
The case has assumed exaggerated proportions , estimates Joel Canmaa , the director of the office .
There have always been rats in the cities .
The insurance company carries out two passages per year , and we are dealing with every request from the inhabitants .
We have therefore made 64 speeches since the end of last winter .
The neighborhood is not abandoned , and rats do not spill into the city .
For reasons of protection of the environment and public health , deprivation products are four times less efficient than in the past , but for two rats we are not going to kill a taste .
&apos;We have not invited the rats &apos; , defending the family father who has left his house to settle in the hotel .
We are soon without the ou and we expect a new housing , at the same rate as the old one .
The Tokyo stock market is falling by 0.88 % -
The Tokyo stock market ended on Friday , despite good Chinese manufacturing statistics .
The Cote has suffered from the dollar ’ s decline against the yen , which is damaging to export values and the warning of its annual result launched by Sony Thursday .
The Nikki index lost 126.37 points ( 0.88 % ) to 14 201.57 and the Topix yielded 11.23 points ( 0.94 % ) to 1 183.03 .
Sony fell by more than 11 % to 1 668 yen .
A house with flames in the Vitwo / Quebec
A fire that started on Friday midday in the Viebec was quickly controlled .
More than 30 firefighters have been sent to the 9 out of the Hebrert street .
The flames have declared themselves in a house of three houses divided over four cages behind the court of Quebec .
Not all the tenants were present during the fire .
The fire was controlled one hour after the arrival of the firefighters , many of whom spoke .
As soon as our first firemen arrived , they really saw the smoke .
&apos;So the alarms have succeeded , because it took a step in the right direction to attack the building , because it is buildings that are assembled here &apos; , explained France Longle , the spokesmen for the Quebec firemen .
An investigation is under way to find the cause of this fire .
Ben Greenman : 10th anniversary of the New York Comedy Fesval : The New Yorker
It could be said that the city of New York is the place where the standard in America was born : almost 100 years ago , the predominant actor Frank Foay , who held the role of a ceremony in the Palace Theatre , on Broadway , began to tell the public directly about the tone of the conversation .
Fay ’ s innovation has been perpetuated over the years , until being taken up more recently by the New York Comedy Fesval .
Created and supervised by Caroline Hirsch , the founder of the Caroline standard , the festival celebrates his tenth anniversary this year , with more than 60 spectacles presented in small clubs and theatres .
“ Most of the heads of posters emerged in the Carolin , and had a great success , until they became too famous to play in a club , ” Hirsch said .
We have created this festival so that we can continue working with them .
The event this year will see the participation of Wanda Syes , Kathy Griffin and Bill Maher and the presentation of “ Stang Up for Heres , ” a comrade and music for the former combatants , organized in Madison Stinger , Jon Stewart , Roger Wasters and Bill Cosby .
The festival has grown up , as has the world of the comedy .
Many of the comeers who participate in this year ’ s festival have gone through non-traditional circuits , for example , with spectacles on small television channels , such as Comedy Central Comedy , FX , and Spike .
Nick Kroll has appeared in the front row in a cable of a cable chain ( “ The League ” on the subject of the joyfully mocked soccer football in the FXX chain ) and now has its own spectacle of sketchs on Central Comedy .
Jereny Slate participated in the “ Study Night Live ” programme and was part of the “ Parks and Recreation ” series , but it is more known for his series of viral videos “ Marcel the Shell , Shell . ”
Kroll and Slate , as well as other young people with a singular voice ( the surrealistic pessimist Anthony Jeselnik , the irony of racial justice , W. Kamu Bell ) , are products from the decentralized world of the American comeer .
One of the most important factors in the festival this year will be : David Steinberg talks with Larry David .
Steinberg started as a stand-off , but he has become a film and television filter accomplished , as well as an unofficial historian in the shop .
Between 2005 and 2007 , he had a broadcast on TV Land called “ Sit Down Comedy , David Steinberg . ”
The meeting takes place at the Hille de Ville in the centre of Manhattan .
“ The city is definitively in the comic DNA of all Larry ’ s work , ” said Steinberg .
He told me that when he was here , sometimes he was going down a rug between two buildings and said , if I lose all my money , perhaps I will live here .
oil prices continue to fall and close to $ 96 per barrel .
Oil prices continued to fall on Friday , while concerns about the importance of stocks offset a report showing that China ’ s energy-intensive manufacturing sector is growing .
The price of the US benchmark for delivery in December fell from 14 cents to $ 96.24 per barrel at the end of the morning in Europe during electronic exchanges on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) .
The contract lost 39 cents on Thursday , leaving it with 5.8 % in October .
The abundant supply of crude oil has been on the price in recent weeks .
The US Department of Energy indicated on Wednesday that US supplies had increased by 4.1 million barrels last week .
Over five weeks , supplies have increased by more than 25 million barrels .
But two reports on the Chinese manufacturing sector arrived on Friday , which show growth in activity , suggest an increase in demand .
This suggests that China ’ s economic recovery could continue to shrink after growth rose to 7.8 % in the third quarter , after a fall that had not been known for two decades in the previous quarter .
Grent Brent , a reference to international crude oil already used by American refineries , has lost 26 cents to fall to $ 108.58 per barrel over the Inter-Constinal Exchange ( IEC ) in London .
The right to abortion in Texas
A Federal Court of Appeal has restored some restrictions to Texas on the right to voluntary termination of pregnancy which had been blocked by a first-instance judge this week .
This judgment means that a law adopted in July in that state and seriously questioning the right to abortion will be able to enter into force .
The ruling by the Court of Appeal means that doctors who operate VVG will have to have a &apos; admission privilege &apos; to local hospitals .
The privilege of admission is the right of a doctor , under his status as a hospital member , to admit a patient in a hospital or a medical centre to provide diagnosis or treatment there .
IVG advocates argue that the content of the law is likely to lead to an immediate closure of one-third of state clinics , because these clinics have failed to obtain this &apos; admission privilege &apos; for their practitioners .
In total , it would be 22,000 women who would be deprived of access to these establishments .
On Monday , a first-rate judge estimated on the eve of the entry into force of the law that the provisions dealing with the privilege of admission were unconstitutional .
But the Attorney General of Texas , the Republican , Greg Abbott , who is acting as governor , asked the Court of Appeal to cancel the first-ruling judgment that blocked the application of the law .
A plenary hearing on this issue is scheduled for January .
The New Star has been able to return to force , the audiences , with 1.3 million viewers behind their telephones , or 5.6 % of the audience .
But was the spectacle at the meeting ?
Some 10 000 candidates appeared to the hearings of this 10th season , to confront the jury : Marane , the Sincis , the pery André Manoukian and Olivier Bas .
On Twitter , viewers shared their comments .
Many people have been disappointed by the excitement to return to their favourite programme .
But why is so much disappointment about this ?
No candidate seems to have really marked this first premium .
As every year , the first hearing broadcasts have a wide choice of grass , for better and sometimes for worse .
On Twitter , we want spectacle , emotion , originality , music ...
Fortunately , some of them have found their way .
Many of them tried New Star and sometimes even went to the end .
Behind the television screens , successful song voting is still there , season after season .
Others have just the ambition to laugh .
The Court is blocking a decision on the NYPD control and searching policy
A Federal Court of Appeal blocked the decision of a judge demanding changes in the control and searching programme of the police department in New York .
The US Court of Appeal ( second circuit ) has indicated that Judge Shira Scheindin &apos;s decision was suspended until the end of the appeal by the city .
The judge ruled in August that the city had violated the Constitution following the implementation of its programme to control and question citizens .
The city has made use of its conclusions and corrective prescriptions , including a decision to award a controller to help the police department change its policy and its associated training programme .
The Court of Appeal heard on Tuesday the arguments concerning the request for suspension .
The Court of Appeal has said that the judge should be instructive because it infringed the code of conduct of judges by compromising the need for a judge to avoid any appearance of partiality , partly because of a series of media talks and public statements in which she publicly responds to the Court &apos;s criticism .
The judge ruled that police officers were violating the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black and xenophobic men in their control and searches .
It has appointed an external controller to supervise the changes , in particular the reform of policies , training and supervision , and has ordered the establishment of a pilot programme to test cameras on the body where the greatest number of controls are carried out .
In August , the city of New York agreed to end the practice of retaining the names and addresses of people whose case is rejected after police control .
The hearing of the appeal by the city should take place after 14 March 2014 .
The tactics of control and searches have been criticised by many civil rights defenders .
This system of control and searches has been in some form for decades , but the number of controls recorded has increased dramatically under the administration of the independent mayor Michael Bloomberg , to reach its highest historic level in 2011 with 684 330 controls , mainly related to black and xenophobic men .
Legal action was introduced in 2004 by four men , all of them from minorities , and turned into collective action .
Advocates who advocate changes in the NYPD ’ s control and searches are saying that they will put an end to unfair practices , make police forces more effective and trust , and can change the way in which police departments use politics .
Opponents say that these changes would undermine police morals without reducing crime , would be a waste of money and would not solve the wider problem of police forces under pressure after police staff have been significantly reduced in the last decade .
The judge pointed out that it does not put an end to the control and searches , which are constitutional , but to reform the way the NYPD implemented its controls .
The tenants must vote , because each of them pays on average $ 100 a month on the price of housing that goes on to the Ville .
When the owner pays $ 5,000 in municipal taxes , he divides that amount between every housing .
We are obliged to increase rents to help us pay the new taxes .
By voting , we are sending out a clear message .
We need to change things in the Ville .
All the candidates told us that they would tackle the scandalous debt .
We no longer have the means to pay fireworks at $ 100,000 , from $ 4 to 5 million in case ...
Go to vote , that is the best way to speak and say that it is enough .
The Elyse chief of Elysée
In the 500 m2 m2 of elysean kitchens as committed after working in embassies , the cook has climbed every rank up to the head , nine years ago .
He served six French presidents , Georges Pompidou to François Hollande , to Nicolas Sarkozy , including on their holiday places , and nurtured an incalculable number of the world ’ s major big people in a quasi-anonymity that he only drowned at age 60 .
A man with an open face , a rogue , and an intellectual clout , born on 24 October 1953 in the Ferte-Saint Aubiin , holds a pasture .
His mother was himself cooking in a castle of Sologna .
&apos;I have moved from a castle to the other ! &apos; , ironise Bernard Vauimpact , who knows not only the six presidents for whom he was appointed , but also their wives and some of their distinguished guests .
&apos;It is always the head of the state or his companions or wife who choose the menus &apos; .
&apos;Mrs Chirac was a little more involved , she came straight to the kitchen &apos; , to the point she had banned women in the Elysée kitchen !
With regard to the heads of state who displayed relative indifference to land feeds , &apos; they are all greedy &apos; , and they are denouncing Bernard Vauimpact .
Jacques Chirac certainly had a somewhat more developed appetite .
But with Nicolas Sarkozy , who removed cheese , the stars were empty !
As for François Hollande , who restored cheese , &apos; it is someone who likes to eat &apos; and &apos; there is little that he does not like &apos; .
The current Head of State , who regained the kilos lost before the presidential campaign , has &apos; no specific regime demand &apos; .
Bernard Vauimpact also remember the pressure on his shoulders , especially at the state dinners in the Elysée : &quot; between 200 and 250 people must be used in approximately one hour &apos; .
The night before is almost white .
These people would not understand if there were any mistakes .
Now the former Elysée kitchen leader , who took a glass on Tuesday evening with his team , family and friends , comes to the heart of &apos; François Hollande &apos; .
He has said praise for this .
He has come out , he says .
The leader will be replaced by his deputy , Wilhelm Gomez , 35 years , who for his part has been in the Elysée for 17 years .
Fine in a house built in 1850 to Quebec
An historic house built in 1850 was the prey of the flames in the Vi-Quebec on Friday noon .
The four-house building , on the 15 of the Hebrert street , was the subject of three alarms in the fire service .
The fire has gone ahead , but it has been on the three sides of the building .
France , the spokesperson for the Quebec fire protection service , made it clear that rapid fire intervention has prevented the spread of flames to adjacent buildings , a major challenge for this sector in the city where buildings are built in a close way .
The house burned with four houses , but no tenants were on the scene at the time of the fire .
The damage was limited , even though water caused damage .
An investigation will be carried out to determine the origin , but the guns have removed the thesis of a criminal act .
Wall Street
Martin Scorese leaves a few images of his next film , whose role , that of an ambitious New York broker , is embodied in Leonardo DiCapprio .
Please be reasonable and leave your tickets .
Leonardo DiCapprio is going to see you in his role as a trader .
Martin Scorese report on the true story of a “ Long Island stock market , ” which refuses to cooperate with the authorities in a vast corruption case on Wall Street .
In the 1980 ’ s , Jordan Belstrong then comes up with a scams that will make him a rich , rich man .
The opportunity to follow its unbelievable rise , but also the ensuing fall .
Without limits , man is driving the fates , women and drugs .
All kinds of things are the masters of this crazy story .
The Scorese-DiCapprio couple seem to have regained the magic that united them in Shuter Island .
The exit from the new Scallese has fallen behind because of its too long .
It would appear that the film will finally last 2.45 p.m.
In the Chamber on 25 December , he will be able to participate fairly in the race for oils .
Clulson has used the telephone piracy to check a tug-up tue
The former editor-in-chief of News of the World Andy Clulson would have used &apos; telephone piracy , surveillance and confrontation &apos; to try to confirm a bid tue on a link involving the Minister for Home Affairs , Charles Clarke .
The Chief Prosecutor Andrew Edis QC told the World Bailey Court that News of the World had heard a false rumour in May 2005 that Clarke had a relationship with Handh Pwlby , his “ beautiful special adviser . ”
It was pointed out to the court that the newspaper charged Glenn Mocaire , a private deprivation , to pirate Pwlby &apos;s box and to &apos; keep his door permanently &apos; , but Clulson also called it and left him with voice messages .
&quot; The accusation suggests that Mr Coulson , who is now the editor-in-chief of NotW , is not the kind of man to stay at the home of people in hoping to surprise them , it is the kind of man to love to present history to people to see what they say .
He said that NotW used three means to investigate matters : telephone piracy , surveillance and confrontation .
The editor-in-chief is personally involved in the third .
It is clear that he is aware of the second , the supervision , that cannot be otherwise .
But what about the first of these ? What about the first ?
Is he aware of the telephone piracy ?
He says the opposite , but we say , ‘ Of course , if ’ .
Shorts about a connection involving Clarke were first taken up by the NotW Marine Office when a source , with a sexual attractiveness to Miss Pwlby , said that he was told : “ Do not lose the time with her , she is with Charles . ”
A band , on which there were pirated voice messages on its phone to at least three times , was seized at the house of Sicary in August 2006 .
Investigators have also found seizures on the computer of the private deceitce that concerned Miss Pwlby and his sister sister in a “ Project ” dossier .
During the period when the detachment investigated her , Miss Pwlby &apos;s grandparents received anonymous calls for information on her , added to Mr Edis .
In the meantime , the former postponement of Nville Thurlbeck and the former postponement James Weaerut oversaw the little of Miss Pwlby ’ s little record and gestures .
In a voice message he left on 18 June 2005 , Clulson said : ‘ I have a history that we plan to publish tomorrow , which I would really like to talk about in Charles . ’
Mr Escis explained that the involvement of Coulson in history has followed the same pattern as other important men , such as the former Minister for Home Affairs David Bunkett .
The jury heard on Thursday that Culson had to face Mr Bunkett on a connection with a married woman when he attended the co-defendse Rebekah Brooks , who was also married at that time .
Clulson and Brooks deny that they conspired with others to pirate telephones between 3 October 2000 and 9 August 2006 .
Mocaire , Thurlbeck and Weatherup admitted to have carried out a telephone piracy .
Barack Obama receives Iraq ’ s Prime Minister , in the midst of violence
US President Nouri al-Maliki , who was seeking help from the United States in order to combat the greatest wave of violence for five years , was to receive the US President .
In October , Iraq experienced its most deadly month in five and a half years , according to figures published by the Iraqi authorities on Friday 1 November .
964 people died in violence in October , including 855 civilians , 65 policemen and 44 soldiers , and 1 600 people were injured .
The UN has a higher toll with 979 deaths and 1 902 injured .
This violence is increasingly murderous , despite enhanced security measures and large-scale military operations launched for months by the Nouri al-Maliki government , dominated by the Shia .
The total number of deaths in October is the highest since April 2008 , when 1 073 people were killed .
Two years after the withdrawal of US troops , the level of violence is causing fear of a new conflagration when neighboring Syria is in the grip of a civil war .
The bombs hit markets , mosques , marriages and funerals .
Men are slaughtered in the middle of the street or even at home , and the security forces are also the target of frequent attacks .
The growing discontent of the Sunni minority , in power under Saddam Hussein , who complains of being politically marginalized and of being the target of unfair arrests , has encouraged this surge in violence .
On Friday , further violence killed four people in northern Iraq , following the death of at least 26 people in a series of attacks , including the explosion of five cars in northern Baghdad .
Much of the violence has been attributed to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant ( EIIL ) , a group belonging to al-Qaeda ( Sunni extremists ) , which is also involved in Syria ’ s civil war .
Nouri al-Maliki wants a “ global war ” against al-Qaeda .
The violence is at the center of US Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki ’ s talks , which will be received on Friday by President Barack Obama , two years after their previous meeting on 12 December 2011 .
At that time , the US President , elected on the promise of an end to military engagement in that country , had drawn up an optimistic picture of the situation .
Since its arrival on Wednesday in Washington , Nouri al-Maliki has increased meetings with the executive , and Congressional elected representatives .
On Thursday , he argued for the international community to conduct a &apos; Third World War &apos; against al-Qaeda .
The principle of increased security assistance to Iraq is supported by influential Republican senators and democrats .
But the US also criticized Nouri al-Maliki , a Shia , and assigns him partial responsibility for the resumption of violence by his “ sectarian and authoritarian politics . ”
They also demanded Barack Obama to make Nouri al-Maliki understand that “ Iran ’ s pernicious influence in the Iraqi Government is a serious problem in our bilateral relationship . ”
Beijing accuses an Uighur group of the Tiananmen attack in Tiananmen
The Chinese internal security chief accused of a group of Uyjiang separatists on Friday to be behind the car bomb attack that killed five deaths in Tiananmen Square in the Beijing centre on Monday .
The vehicle , a SUV , has sunk on the crowds that were on the famous place of the Chinese capital , symbol of the murderous repression in 1989 , and shooting its three passengers and two people .
Meng Jianzhu , a member of the political Bureau responsible for internal security matters , accused the Islamic Movement of East Turkestan to be the instigator of this attack .
Many Uighurs , a Turkish-speaking minority in Xinjiang , call this Chinese province in Eastern Turkestan .
For the Chinese Government , this movement is responsible for the frequent eruptions of violence that occur there , driven by independence claims .
&apos;The violent terrorist incident that took place in Beijing was organised and premeditated &apos; , and said Meng to the chain of honor kongix TV .
&apos;The group behind the scenes was the Islamic Movement in Eastern Turkestan &apos; , he added , as he said , being taken over by the new China agency .
The Chinese police have identified the vehicle driver whose name suggests that he is of Uyghur origin and said that his wife and mother were with him in the car .
The latter also contained petrol reporters with petrol and a flag with Orthodox religious entries .
The incident has made 42 injured .
The Islamic Movement in Eastern Turkestan is seen as a terrorist organisation by the US and the United Nations .
The Vatican on contraception , divorce and homosexuality
The Vatican has undertaken to conduct a large survey around the world about how the parks handle sensitive issues such as contraception , divorce , and couples with the same sex .
The poll asks participants how priests look after gay couples and their children , and how they treat the men and women who live together without being united by marriage ties .
The poll was sent in mid-October at every national conference of bishops , with the instructions to obtain as many answers as possible .
Information will serve an important rally on the family that the French Pope is planning next year .
The news was reported on Thursday by the National Catholics Reporting , an independent Catholic newspaper in the United States .
A spokesman for the Conference of Catholic bishops in the United States confirmed that the document was authentic and that every bishop would decide in the appropriate way to look at the parissiers .
In the UK , bishops published the Internet survey by asking Catholics to participate .
DRC : The army is attacking the last fights of the rebels of the rebels .
The implacable M23 , a few hundred combatants , were entrenched to almost 2000 metres of altitude on the agricultural hills of Chancellor Runyonyi and Mubzi , near Bundagana and Joma , two localities located at around 80 km in northern Goma , the capital of North Kivu province .
&apos;It has not stopped since this morning , the fighting continues despite the night &apos; , indicated to the AFP a resident of Joma , joined by telephone at 12.30 p.m. , and according to which a girl was injured by bullet in the morning .
&apos;The intensity of the clashes has diminished slightly &apos; , he added , &apos; it seems that the DRC FARC Forces of the DRC have pushed the rebels a little further . &apos;
According to the witness who wanted to remain anonymous , the soldiers had &quot; spent the night &quot; in Joma before they set up for a &quot; sewage operation &quot; .
It was very clear behind him that creepers fed with light weapons were fed up .
From Bundagana , a political posture , and the last strong place of the rebellion fell on Wednesday , an AFP journalist could have heard of heavy weaponry .
According to a source to the United Nations Mission for the stabilisation of the DRC , the fighting entered &apos; in a final phase &apos; , the FARC having &apos; envy the positions of the M23 residual to depart them &apos; .
Since the resumption , on Friday , of the clashes between the 23 Mars Movement ( M23 ) and the army , Monusco is not directly involved in the fighting , but it is providing government troops with decisive support for intelligence , observation and planning .
At the end of the afternoon , several dozens of soldiers , well supplied by ammunition , came to the front line .
They were armed with Kalashnikov and rocket launchers .
Earlier on , on the road to Bunagana , a border post with Uganda , soldiers who were aided by civilians were carrying a multifaceted rocket on a lorry filing nine of the FARC , to take over from another crack to pile the positions of M23 on the hills .
The Congolese President , Joseph Kabila , once again called the rebels on Wednesday evening to &apos; voluntarily demobilate &apos; , otherwise he has left the Kampala process open , in which Kinshasa and M23 have been under discussion since December without any result at the moment .
On the ground , M23 political leaders hope to reach agreement .
&apos;We have completed the talks , there is only the Ugandan mediation to organise the signature &apos; , and it has claimed Roger Lumbasa , vice-president of the delegation from M23 , without that information being confirmed immediately on the government side .
M23 was born of a mutiny , in April 2012 , of former rebels , mostly killed , in the army in 2009 after a peace agreement .
The UN and Kinshasa regularly accuse Uganda and Rwanda of supporting M23 , which Kigali and Kampala refute .
North Kivu is one of the most densely populated regions of the DRC , and its subsoil is full of coveted mineral resources .
In Bunagana , on the Ugandan side of the border , where there had been around 5,000 people between Monday and Wednesday , according to the UN , the return movement to the DRC , which had started in the morning , reversed in the mid-day .
&apos;This morning we went back to our fields , but the military told us that we were going back &apos; , said to the AFP Imelda Nyirankusi , surrounded by its nine children , including a baby on the back .
We have the impression that fire is coming closer to the people .
Earlier this evening , dozens of inhabitants were crossing the border , some with a match on their head , to spend the night in Uganda .
The musical End , this Study of Study
Classified , sophisticated , popular , in English or French , the saturated and danced production takes their flight .
After Broadway and London , Paris finally finds its voice .
It is a revolution : French musical is affirmed as a kind of success .
In the long run , from Bot de Paris from Paris to Mozart , most of the attempts would be made in the ridiculous .
And successes such as Cabaret , or the Misbles , made it a mystery .
The arrival of Jean-Luc Chopin in Chastelet and in Stage - Enterie in Mogador has changed .
Today , both scenes are running headlines like tubes .
The first includes his excellent Mary Fair Lady this Christmas and announced for the following world creation of an American in Paris .
In Mogador , &quot; The Bose and the Battle &quot; could be one of the success stories of the season .
On the other scenes , musical spectacles like &apos; 1789 &apos; , &apos; the Bastille lovers &apos; and small musical compounds such as &apos; Disco &apos; or &apos; Life and Times &apos; are proving to be successful and quality .
Patrick Niedo , author of the reference book &apos; History of musical comees &apos; and commanding the theatre of Chastelet , analyses the reasons for such hard-won success .
How can we change the French musical compounds ?
The supply has multiplied .
First of all , there are &apos; musical spectacles &apos; which evolve as producers ...
Some use - beautiful images of images and a real history as in 1789 , Bastille ’ s Amants .
Others are taking a step backwards by 15 years on the pretext that one can be used almost - anything when you have Matt - Pokora .
After all , we have musical compounds with the sompous production of Chastelet , which brings us back to the Broadway golden age and to the universe of Stephen Sonheim , the largest living composer .
The use of a popularly popularize of Anglo-Saxon musical compounds of variety by adapting them to French .
The independent French producers are trying a breakthrough .
But projects under way like &apos; Rest &apos; , &apos; The Baiiser of the Wider Women &apos; or &apos; the Eve of Spring &apos; are difficult to finance .
Do we have enough artists like Broadways of singer , play and dance ?
In Paris , when there are eight music spectacles in a season , it is a great year .
We have 200 talent artists who are turning projects into projects .
In the United States , the cradle of the musical mix is very different .
Young people are trained to these professions in many schools .
There is a lot of jobs between the regional , tour , Broadway , off-Broadway , and so on .
The vivid of talent is as important as the number of jobs to be filled .
Why are the towers in the province so successful ?
With the exception of the opera , the province remains the poor parent of culture in France .
Few theatre coins go on tour and often the theatre theatre for adults and not young adults .
There is a lack of musical spectacles .
It is the same young people who like the television and what it produces as short-lived stars ...
Proposing beautiful young men ( often talented ) at the top of a musical spectacle is the assurance that these young girls and often their entire families will be swallowed .
The Facebook pages of these spectacles are well known - held by professionals who answer questions .
These spectacles are very expected when they arrive in a province of province .
The Mayonist has been in Paris and disguised by provincial provincial products .
Shoff is designed to enter all the large French rooms in the same form as in Paris .
A serious injury in an accident with a ghost driver on Brussels selling
A road accident caused a serious wounded , on Friday morning at 530 p.m. , on the Brussels internal house to Hoilaart , to Waterloo .
The car of a driving force was won by a ghost driver who is uneasy .
Replacing was closed to circulation , until 9 p.m. in the accident , the time for the road to be cleared and an expert determines the circumstances of the accident .
This situation has not , however , resulted in traffic jams , because the accident took place at the level of the Hoeilart exit .
As a result , traffic has been removed by this exit / entry .
A seriously injured child in the attraction at Disneyland Paris
A child of five years has been seriously injured as a result of an accident on the attraction at Disneyland Paris .
Its vital prognosis is no longer committed , but it is still hospital .
At the time of the fall , the boy was with his father on a ship of the Caribbean &apos;s attraction .
It has been closed up until a new order .
DRC : The army is preparing a new assault on a new assault on the army .
Children play a carbon hill that belonged to the rebels of M23 , Kiiumba , on 31 October 2013 , in the east of the DRC .
The Congolese army was preparing for another attack on the last bastions of the M23 rebels near Bundagana in the east of the DRC .
The aim is to remove the M23 from the hills that overshadow Bunagana .
Yesterday we took the hill in Bugina , overshadowed by Mubzi .
Today , Mbuzi should come down .
There will only be the Runyonyi hill .
&quot; The Cells is not very strategic , &quot; has indicated the governor of North Kivu , Jukin Pluku .
Mr Pluku is planning to visit Saturday a Bunagana .
Politicians and the last strong place of the rebellion , this locality on the Ugandan border , to around 80 km in northern Goma .
It was taken on Wednesday by the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo Wednesday .
Since then , a few hundred inmates of M23 have been cut to almost 2,000 metres of altitude on the agricultural hills of Chancellor Runyonyi and Mubzi near Bunagana and the neighbouring town of Joma .
In Joma , a person who reported on the whole day of fighting on Thursday , said that the situation was &apos; calm since this morning &apos; .
According to him , a woman and her child were killed by the street fighting and buried .
A girl was wounded by bullets , and three other people were injured , including a surge , evacuated by the FARC , added that witness quoted by the AFP .
Since the resumption of the fighting between FARC and rebels on 25 October , the two warring parties have given no assessment of the loss of human lives .
The NSA ’ s revelations increase companies ’ paranoia with regard to state surveillance
A fine day at the end of August , a German police helicopter overran the British Confederation in Frankfurt , Germany ’ s financial capital .
On the orders of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( BfV ) , the German National intelligence agency , its mission was to photograph the roof of the American vanpost , located at less than 5 km of the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank .
The German media explain that the BfV hoped to identify the presence of listening antenes and that the operation provoked an exchange between the United States and the German Foreign Ministry in Berlin .
James Ctiger , the US intelligence director , once again insisted in September that the US does not use their foreign intelligence capabilities to “ steal the industrial secrets of foreign companies for US companies to increase their international competitiveness or increase their profits . ”
But since Edward Snowden , the consultant who has become whistleblowers , has begun to unravel his inexhaustible treasury of information about US surveillance secrets , European governments and business leaders no longer know whether the director should think about it .
Reports that the National Security Agency has spilled Brazil ’ s oil company Petrobras and had access to data held by US storage service providers in the Clent , including Google and Yahoo , have more than ever aroused business paranoia with state surveillance .
The revelation that German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’ s telephones had been pirated , perhaps even for a decade , was the drop in the ocean .
If the most powerful person in Europe can be targeted , then corporate leaders are surely also potential targets .
Snowden made the intensive cooperation between US intelligence services and businesses transparent .
I think it is conceivable that these data will be used for their mutual benefit .
“ Germany must wake up , ” declare Oliver Grün , President of BITMi , representing German SMEs in the IT sector .
German companies believe that the US is such an important risk as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft , according to an inquiry published in July by the EY Office .
However , in all the documents revealed by Mr Snowden , there is no indication to date that the United States has passed industrial secrets from foreign companies to American companies .
Politicians have expressed their concern that the EU does not have sufficient IT and Internet capabilities and believes that it should strive to reduce its dependence on the United States .
Corporate leaders are skeptical about this .
A German Parliament Member says that we should create a German Google .
I can only turn a blind eye and reopen them slowly ...
&apos;This is not the right way to go &apos; , it indicates Hasso Plattner , Chairman of the German company software company , SAP .
If we wanted a strong European IT industry , then we should not let it die 20 years ago .
Everything is subsidised in Germany , from coal to cars , to farmers .
Everything except the IT industry .
Yet the extent and sophistication of US espionage agencies exposed by Snowden ’ s revelations was a shock for some companies that believed that China was the biggest risk in terms of surveillance .
A major change is taking place in cloud computers , as European officials have realised that the data retained in the United States are governed by the laws of this jurisdiction and thus potentially vulnerable .
According to a survey by the Clent Security Alliance , a professional body , some 10 % of non-American members have abandoned their plans to use an American supplier of storage services in the cloud after revelations about the Prism data exploration programme .
Jim Snabe , co-director of SAP , says : &apos; Our customers are asking us today a question that they did not ask us a year ago : where is my data retained and can you assure me that they will remain physically in that jurisdiction ? &apos;
Many German leaders indicate that the latest reports are merely confirmation of what they already knew , namely that the powerful states want to fly their most precious secrets and that this data must therefore be kept at all costs .
It is no surprise that there is economic espionage .
There has always been a case in point .
&apos;This has been a recurring theme for many years and nothing has fundamentally changed in the context of the current discussion &apos; , says Kurt Bock , Director General of the BASF chemicals company .
Americans are spying us in commercial and industrial terms just as we spy them , because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses .
Entrepreneurship leaders are usually reluctant to reveal the preventive measures they have put in place , if that would leave the advantage of an adversary .
Large companies have long been making the message that it is unwise to recover a free USB key at a professional salon or to leave a mobile computer without supervision in a hotel room .
Ulrich Hackenberg , a member of the management board of the Audi car manufacturer , says that the collection of mobile phones before Council meetings , so that they cannot be used as a distance vehicle , has been common practice for years .
Germany ’ s BfV is advising its leaders to consider using simple mobile phones that are prepaid when they travel abroad because of the risk of damage to the integrity of the Martphone .
Prepaid mobile phones are then thrown off .
However , it is feared that small and medium-sized enterprises remain vulnerable to piracy and surveillance .
In Germany , many SMEs are world leaders in their particular niche .
&apos; SMEs often lack experience , staff and financial resources to effectively protect their industrial secrets against unauthorised access &apos; , warn the BfV in a report .
The United States is warning their own companies about the economic espionage activities carried out by other countries .
The US National Intelligence ( NIE ) made in February by the United States cited France , as did Russia and Israel , which were guilty of carrying out acts of economic intelligence , behind China , according to the Washington Post .
A member of the board of a renowned German company believed that when it comes to economic espionage , &quot; the French are the worst &quot; .
Bernard Sforci , a former French domestic intelligence director , DPRI , said in a interview this month : “ The services know perfectly well that all countries , even if they cooperate in the fight against terrorism , spy their allies . ”
The parents of a teenager in Georgia , who died in untold circumstances , believe that their son was murdered murdered .
The parents of a teenager in Georgia , whose body was found in a carpet in the gymnase of his school , think that their son was murdered , declared the family lawyer on Thursday .
Kendrick Johnson , from Valdosta in Georgia , was found on 11 January stuck in a sustained carpet behind the grudges of the gymnase of his school .
The Sherff investigators in the Lowndes Comt concluded that Johnson died in untold circumstances , but the family of the seventeen-year-old boy contest these conclusions .
&apos;They are absolutely certain that their son has been murdered &apos; , said Benjamin Crump , the lawyer representing Kenneth and Jacleyn Johnson , on FoxNews.com.
They never thought that he was dead as it was indicated in the conclusions of the sheriff .
“ They believe that this beggars belief , the laws of physics and common sense , ” added Crump .
They are convinced that these conclusions have been delivered for the sole purpose of covering the people responsible for the death of their son .
“ They sent their sons to school with a cartable , and they made it in a deadly bag , ” he added .
The US prosecutor Michael Moore declared on Thursday that he conducted an official investigation into Johnson &apos;s death , pointing out that several important issues remained unanswered .
What is the cause of death ?
Is his death the result of a criminal act ?
Moore spoke at a press conference on Thursday afternoon .
I will follow up the facts wherever they lead .
My aim is to discover the truth .
&apos;I think there is a sufficient basis &apos; to open an official inquiry .
Moore told journalists that the first autopsy said that Johnson was dead by “ positional suffocation . ”
However , a second autopsy identified another cause of death , according to Moore .
&apos;A number of questions still deserve a response or confirmation &apos; .
Moore added that if he updates elements that justify a civil or criminal investigation into Johnson ’ s death , he will ask the FBI to lead it .
The representative of the Sherf office of Lowndes was not available to give us his opinion when we contacted him on Thursday .
A South Georgia judge ordered the authorities on Wednesday to hand over all video recordings that the investigators had examined .
The parents of teenager said they hoped that video images would contain evidence of the circumstances of his death .
The CC publishes advice on allergies in children to schools to schools
On Wednesday , the US Centre for Disease Prevention and Prevention published a series of directives showing how to manage children &apos;s food allergies at school .
This is the first set of guidelines that the US Government publishes , since the number of children in school age suffering from food allergies has soared .
One in 20 children in the United States is now suffering from food allergies .
The CDC found that the prevalence of food allergies in the child had increased by 18 % between 1997 and 2007 .
The guide contains information for schools on how to raise awareness of the body and staff to food allergies in children and how to deal with them in the event of allergic reactions .
It also recommends that schools should have a vaspine stock – as Epien ’ s self-editor is most commonly used – to be able to react quickly in the event of potentially lethal anaphylaxia .
The legislative assemblies of the Member States have recently updated regulations to allow schools to have more easily the vampine in stock .
The report also includes a list of the typical symptoms communicated by children who have an allergic reaction .
Children can say , &apos; I get the impression that something gets me the language &apos; , &apos; I get the impression that I have a horse on the language &apos; or &apos; I have picots on language &apos; .
The NSA case underlines the total absence of a debate on intelligence .
How can we explain the contradictory attitude of the French Government , which is offended in public by convening the United States ambassador on 21 October , and on the other banning the flight of the territory by the Bolivian presidential plane , on the basis of the rumour of the presence on his board of Edward Snowden ?
In my opinion , there are two levels of response from the French Government .
When François Hollande phone to Barack Obama or when Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius contests the US ambassador , they respond to a real discovery , which is the extent of American surveillance over all communications in France .
Is it not surprising to read in the columns of the Monde just a few weeks away from the reproduction of American diplomatic correspondence and , on the other hand , a condemnation of the listening to the NSA by the NSA ?
Would it not be like a vague hypocrisy on your part ?
journalistic action is not a moral positioning , but the search for the interest and relevance of information that enables every citizen to form an opinion .
When WikiLeaks lift the veil over American diplomacy ’ s analysis of political or other challenges around the world , we believe that , in view of American power , this is an important lighting .
When we describe the US interception systems against French diplomacy in the United States , it is by no means to be indignant about this practice , it is to describe the world as it is .
Has France received information from the NSA about terrorist operations aimed at our interests ?
Can we deprive ourselves of American cooperation ?
The establishment of highly powerful technological tools for interception by the US , but also by France , has been officially justified by the fight against terrorism .
Moreover , in this area , France and the United States , in particular , have established almost daily procedures for cooperation and exchange of information , which are described on both sides as essential .
For example , the presence of Mohammed Merah in the tribal areas in Miranshah was reported to the French through the means of the NSA .
France can be led , for example , to transmit whole blocks of data on the Sahel region to American services , and in return - as has already been said - the Americans can provide information to the French on other parts of the world .
So the underlying question behind this NSA case is not so much the ability or the right of countries to equip themselves with interception tools , but the question of the total absence of prior debate , particularly in parliaments , on the justification for such systems , the perimeter that must be theirs and , ultimately , the question of violations of freedoms .
What is the real risk of the US ?
They may be denounced , I do not see how they can be punished .
The risk that the Americans run may be twofold .
The first is when their allies – and this was the case recently – learn that their leaders , sometimes at the top summit in their state , were monitored .
This is the case with Brazil and Germany , two countries where diplomatic relations with the United States have been strained .
Another effect may be more economic : more and more European or South American companies are reluctant , in the light of revelations , to entrust their confidential data to American suppliers subject to US laws , and thus to the grip of the NSA .
Last but not least , the vast movement of revelations undertaken by media around the world , which helps to initiate a debate on the virtually non-existent supervisory practices of intelligence services , could push legislators , including American legislators , to reconsider the powers they have given their intelligence services .
Parents of sex children can choose &apos; undetermined sex &apos; .
Germany has become the first European nation to recognise a third sex for babies born with ambiguous sexual organs .
The male or female sex of the newborn born will no longer be allocated to them rigid at birth .
Under the new law , parents will no longer be required to declare the sex of their child , allowing them to insert an &quot; unspecified &quot; or &quot; unspecified &quot; sex on their birth certificate .
The purpose of the law was to remove the pressure on parents who could take hasty decisions about a surgery of sexual sexual reorientation for their babies , and to fight against discrimination against people who are sex .
According to the BBC , an sex person would have said years later , “ I am neither a man nor a woman . ”
I will remain the patchwork that doctors have created , contuached and wiped out .
It is estimated that a child in 2 000 born every year is neither a boy nor a daughter .
They are sexual , the intersexuality forms part of the group of 60 diseases diagnosed as a disorder of sexual development , a generic term naming people with chrooosomes or boxes ( ovaris or tablets ) atypical or abnormally developed .
Wallis Simpson could have been sexually intersexed .
sexual identification is still not well understood , but most specialists in the United States say that when sex cannot be determined , it is better to use the best information available to award it , then wait and monitor the psychological and physical development of the child before considering a surgical act , if necessary .
Dr Jack Drescher , a psychiatrist in New York and specialist on sexual identification issues , said that the new German law “ seems a good idea . ”
Children ’ s children are an ethical dilemma .
&apos;Some people suffer from extremely serious diseases which require a surgical act , but this is not the case for most children &apos; .
It is possible to take sexual arrest without operation and see how identity develops .
The science of how a child develops a sexual identity is not very precise .
No one can answer the question as to why this is happening .
It is like the mystery that surrounds homosexual people .
A report submitted to the European Commission in 2011 described sex people as different from transgender or transgender persons , since their status is not linked to gender but rather to their biological constitution , which is not exclusively that of a man or a woman alone , but is generally both at the same time and not clearly defined as either .
These characteristics can be manifested for themselves in secondary sexual characteristics ( such as muscular mass , pilotage , pettles , and stature ) , primary sex characteristics ( such as reproductive organs and sexual organs ) or the structure of chromoomes and hormones .
The report also provided an overview of the discrimination faced by sex and transgender people in the field of employment , as well as the extent of acts of harassment and violence and crimes motivated by prejudice .
Young men of non-compliant kind now have camps which are specifically intended for them .
Australia and Nepal already allow adults to include male , female , or third-sex sex on their official documents .
In June , an Australian of 52 years , Nore May-Welby , became the first person in the world to have been recognised “ neutral ” after winning his appeal trial that allows him to retain an “ unspecified ” sex for life .
German passports will include a third designation alongside M or F – X for intersexé , according to the Interior Ministry .
In neighbouring France , gender issues are still controversial , according to a broadcast broadcast on France 24 .
In 2011 , dozens of law-makers in that Catholic country signed a petition for “ gender theory ” to be removed from school books .
The American website Catholic Online has also opposed German law , writing that “ since the world is dragged into a new rule where gender is a choice but sexual activity is not one , two other pillars of civilisation are overturned . ”
In Maryland , the mother of a baby also said on Baby Zone that she would prefer a sex to be given to babies at their birth .
&apos;The role of parent is sufficiently staggering without further restrictions , especially if you do not know the sex of your child &apos; , she said on the site for young parents .
Children need stability and certainty .
Historically , children born without male or female sexual organs were called hermarorots , according to the name of the beautiful Greek God who had double gender .
And only a decade ago , the medical community regarded gender as an ardoy , which can be wiped out and on which one can redesign .
But now there are many who call into question the ethical basis of surgery , knowing that sexual identity is complex and that sometimes doctors can make mistakes , without knowing how a child will feel sexual regeneration when it grows .
“ In the middle of the twentieth century , this was called a psychiatric emergency . ”
When these children were born , they were not called psychiatrist , they were telephoned .
The dominant theory about how to treat children with ambiguous sexual organs was launched by Dr John Money , the University of Johns-Hopkins , who considered the gender to be malleable .
He dedicated the term “ sexual identity ” and argued that social and environmental signals – the way parents raise a child – interact with a child ’ s genes and hormones to shape it so that it is identified as male or female sex .
But in a case of 1966 , known as “ John / Joan , ” his theories gave rise to controversy .
He had advised the parents of a small boy who had been cut off in a botched circumcision to make him completely crown , taking him away from the headscarves too , and raising him like a daughter .
“ Money presented this as a successful transitional case , but it was not . ”
At the age of about 15 , he became a boy and married with a woman .
But , at 38 years , he committed suicide .
Dresher said that some doctors &apos; always repeat this model &apos; .
But in the 1990 &apos;s , with the arrival of the Internet , those who survived these gender-change operations say that they are not satisfied with the result .
This is the case of Jim Bruce , a 36 year-old writer in Montana , who was born with male XY chromoses but ambiguous sexual organs .
Doctors could not really say if he had a large clioris or a little arts and was convinced that he could never have a &apos; satisfactory life &apos; as a man .
So shortly after his birth in 1976 , Bruce suffered a surgical abrogation of the external body and the teskles and was high as a daughter .
He was given female hormones at the age of 12 .
“ I knew I was not a daughter , ” he said on ABCNews.com.
I was not happy , but it was really difficult to ask questions .
At 18 years , he suffered a vintage .
But depressed and realised that something was not going , he asked for his medical dossier .
What he discovered was horrified by what he discovered .
I was sterilized at birth – and no one had ever told me .
Bruce was born with a disarray of sexual development ( DDS ) , which prevented its body from producing enough tests for its sexual organs to develop .
After learning the truth , he became a man , following a treatment to the tetosterrone and got away from the pigs .
The surgery made it sterile .
Today , he defends the cause of others in an organisation called Interface Project , which is trying to normalise the perception of people who are sex .
But Anne Tamar-Matis , the Director-General of the non-profit-making organization based in California Advocate Chace , fears that German law “ calls for labelling and stigmatisation . ”
&apos;Many activists worry that German law encourages parents to take quick decisions and give their children an &apos; unspecified &apos; sex , and has said so .
We are afraid that it will encourage intervention .
We think it would be better to allocate male or female sex and wait .
But we did not see what the law would give , so we can only make assumptions .
Tamil Mattis said that his organisation supported Australian law because “ it allows adults to choose to be recognised as the third sex . ”
“ adults should be able to make their own decisions on a legal type , ” she added .
German law concerns the allocation of gender to birth .
This is not a battle that young children should lead to that age .
When they grow , they can make decisions about their own bodies .
But Dr Arlene Baratz , a specialized radio scientist in Pittsburgh , whose daughter has a disorder of sexual development and helps thousands of people in a support group , said that German law will “ responsibility ” for parents and children .
The daughter of Dr Baratz , Kony , was born with male chromoses , but suffers from a DDS known as full insensitivity syndrome to andants .
As a result of the failure of its ancillary receivers , Kony developed female characteristics .
It has a vin , but no cervicus or ovens .
Now , in the age of 29 , Kony is married and internal in children &apos;s psychiatry at Pennsylvania University .
Although it is sterile , it hopes to have children through adoption services or parent mothers .
&apos;The law gives parents some leeway so that they do not have to take hasty decisions &apos; .
This gives them time to carry out certain tests and understand them , and a time limit before they insert &apos; male &apos; or &apos; female &apos; .
So everything goes well – you can raise your child and love it .
You have a wonderful baby and take advantage of the pleasure of being parent .
You do not have to rush to a surgical intervention that is irreversible .
&apos;It puts children at the heart of the decision and lessens the feeling of anxiety that motivates parents because they are afraid of not doing what is needed &apos; .
Finally , the child will decide what sex he / she feels the most at home – and that is something wonderful .
This allows the child to take the decision for himself .
Letta confident in the longevity of his government
Italian Council President Enrico Letta believes that his government will keep up until 2015 , despite the strong tensions between left and right within the ruling coalition in the run-up to the Senate vote for the removal of Silvio Berlusconi from his mandate .
In a daily interview La Stampa , the center-left leader said that he had “ strong intent ” to continue to govern with his coalition until the next parliamentary elections in 2015 .
The Italian Parliament &apos;s upper house will meet later this month to decide on the fate of the former Council President convicted of tax fraud in August .
Silvio Berlusconi threatens to withdraw his support for the government if the Senate , where he has more opponents than supporters , declared his removal .
But part of its camp , grouped around the National Secretary of Freedom ( PDL ) Angelino Alfano , continues to support the government , as demonstrated on 2 October by its refusal to give in to Berlusconi ’ s orders , which already wanted to bring down the cabinet .
The L.A. Times reports that an agent of the US Transport Safety Agency , TSA , and a suspect were injured during the exchange of fire .
Rapid fire fighters have said that they have responded to a call of &apos; multiple injuries &apos; .
&apos;The forces of order are on the spot &apos; , specifying the airport on its Twitter account , while the television pictures showed people evacuated in ambulances .
&apos;There was a shooting &apos; , said to the AFP a spokesman for the US Transport Safety Agency ( TSA ) .
ABC &apos;s local antener showed a person evacuated on a tank , and a second transported on a wheelchair .
The incident took place at 9.30 local ( 12.30 p.m. in Montreal ) at terminal 3 at the airport .
The Los Angeles Times states that temos 2 and 3 are being evacuated .
The spokesman for the TSA was unable to confirm immediately whether one of his employees was injured .
All flights at the arrival and departure of the airport have been suspended .
The Israeli army kills a member of Hamas in Gaza-songs in Gaza-sthese .
Israeli tanks killed an Islamist Palestinian militant on Thursday , and severely injured another in the south of the Gaza Strip , and were taught after sources of health services .
A source from Hamas has explained that fighting has erupted in that region , because Israeli tanks crossed the border and were targeted by Palestinian morals .
The Israeli army simply referred to &apos; targeted action &apos; in the area close to a &apos; terrorist &apos; tunnel by the Jewish state , which was spread at the border and whose discovery was announced in mid-October .
The report .
President Barack Obama ’ s closest advisors have , in the greatest secret , considered replacing Vice-President Joe Biden by Hillary Clinton on the 2012 list , according to the New York Times .
This revelation is the most striking event in the much-anticipated book of Mark Halperin and John Heilann ’ s 2012 campaign , “ Dable Down : Game Change 2012 . ”
The Times obtained a copy of the book to appear and reported on Thursday evening that the President ’ s close collaborators had carried out “ in-depth work in groups and polls at the end of 2011 ” to see whether Biden ’ s eviction could help Obama to re-election when his hopes fell .
According to the political correspondent of the Jonathan Martin Times , the book offers a detailed analysis of the work of senior officials in the campaign and the White House , namely the former Secretary General of the White House Bill Dill Deey , to assess what effect the former Secretary of State Clinton might have on the ballot .
The possibility of an exchange is a secret that has been fiercely retained in the Chicago campaign in Chicago and within the oval Bureau .
Only half a dozen of the president ’ s close advisers – including Deey , Obama ’ s former campaign leader , Jim Messina , and the former councillors on the White House David Axelrod and David Plelle – knew that change was under way .
“ Dable Down ” indicates that Deey led the charge to replace Biden , despite their “ close personal ties , ” before finally deciding against change when the figures showed that Clinton on the presidential list “ did not significantly improve Obama ’ s chances of success . ”
In an interview with Martin , Deey confirmed that the administration did indeed consider replacing Biden by Clinton .
&apos;I said that I had examined a whole series of questions , and that was one of them &apos; , and said Deey to the newspaper .
Remember that at that time the President was not in form , and so it was said , &apos; Lord , what can we do ? &apos;
While Deey described “ concert ” as “ concerted , ” Martin indicated to Anderson Cooper de CNN that the re-election campaign had invested much to discover whether change would be beneficial during the election .
&apos;The campaigns do not devote a lot of money to polls and discussion groups unless they are serious about taking action &apos; , and said Martin on AC360 .
However , it is unclear whether Obama knew that his team was looking at replacement .
Martin said on CNN that he asked Deey whether his boss was aware of the possible overhaul .
Although Deey said that he did not think the President “ knew ” about possible change , the former Secretary-General admitted that he was “ possible ” that Obama knew .
Martin added that “ Dable Down ” did not definitively answer the question of whether political polls had reached Obama ’ s office .
Cooper asked Martin if he seriously thought that Obama did not know that Biden ’ s removal from the presidential list was examined .
&apos;Perhaps &apos; , &apos; perhaps &apos; , replied to Martin .
Do you want a fluo ice ?
A British entrepreneur has created the first fluorising ice in the world .
Charlie Francis has taken advantage of the fluorinated properties of this marine animal to develop a ludicrous collation .
He had the idea after reading a study on the misfortunes and convinced Chinese scientists to recreate chemically the brilliant protein .
The ice cream reacts with the language by increasing the pH of the protein to make it brilliant .
Chris explains that , because the ice cream starts to read when it reacts to the heat of the mouthpiece , the more it sits , the more brilliant it becomes .
Charlie , the founder of the ice society ‘ Lick Me Im Delicius ’ , said : ‘ This is something incredible , but we are still in the beginning in terms of production , and 2 g of that cost costs around 200 pounds . ’
The protein we use in ice reacts with the neutral pH language .
So when your mouthpiece warm up the protein , the pH level is rising , and the ice is blowing .
We have tested it over the last few months and it seemed appropriate to share it with all at the time of Hallween , because it gives an extraordinary brilliant effect .
This is probably the most expensive ice I have created , because the meals are four times more expensive than gold .
So every sludge costs me about 140 pounds .
But it has a rather good taste for it !
The company with the experimental approach of Charlie , based in Bristol , is known for its unusual ice perfumes such as beer , cheese , beef , and the gold Map .
But its next creation is even more ambitious .
He added : “ I really would like to develop an invisible ice . ”
This is intrinsically impossible because of the replication caused by ice crystals that form the ice cream , but I think I will find a way to do that .
The ice uses the fluororese properties of the synthetic misrepresented by Chinese scientists .
Lou Reed
The singer Lou Reed died when he was in ti exercises , revealed on Thursday his wife Laurie Anderson in a letter published by the regional newspaper &apos; East Hampton Star &apos; for the inhabitants of the city of Springs , where the couple had a house .
The artist died last Sunday at the age of 71 .
&apos;He died on Sunday morning , when he looked at the trees and carried out the famous 21st tabi movement , with his hands of musicians flying the air &apos; , wrote Laurie Anderson .
Lou Reed was a leader , a Chinese martial art .
The wife &apos;s wife also explains that she promised his husband , the week before his death , to get him out of the hospital and take him to their homes in Springs ( Long Island ) .
Lou and I have spent a lot of time here in recent years .
And even if we are urban , it is our spiritual house .
&apos;Lou was a prince and a fighter , and I know that his songs about the pain and beauty of the world will pass on to many people the wonderful joy of life &apos; .
Lou Reed suffered last May a liver transplant .
Hallwelin 2013 : in figures , in figures , in figures
When I was a little , Hallwean was magic .
My sister and I were allowed to eat sweets , go late and disguise us to go into the neighbourhood .
Today , I have become more poignant .
In the last two years I have not distributed a single bonus and I will certainly not do so this year .
But the stars show that I am the black sheep when we talk about Hallween .
The majority of Americans – 158 million of them in fact – will be celebrating Hallwean this year , spending a total of $ 6.9 trillion in bonuses , disguisings , and decorations , according to the National Real Federation .
What I look forward to is the trend of every Hallwean celebrations .
Shoffers should represent $ 1.2 million of the $ 6.9 billion spent , according to the NRF .
This year , inanimated sexy objects are furious .
Women no longer need to be sexy workers ; they can also be sexy foods like pizzas , hamburers and carrots .
As far as men are concerned , I expect a lot of zombies , thanks to the Tking Dead series , and I bet that the men in the Dable Punk area will be among our photos Instagram this year .
According to Google , the most sought disguise is zombies , Batman , pirates , and witches .
I assume that there is no difficulty in remaining traditional .
We disguised our dogs last year and , to my astonishment , they were not the only ones .
In fact , Americans are going to spend $ 330 in animal disguise this year , according to the NRF .
It has many curious dogs disguised in hooks .
When it comes to sweets , we do not shy away .
Americans will spend $ 1.9 trillion on bonuses this year , according to the Nielsen cabinet .
This represents about 272 million kg of Hershey , summary , Milk Duds , Twizzlers and barres Clark .
It is a super-news for the 41 million children who are going to the hunts in their neighbourhood , according to the US Department of Trade .
In fact , we are going to buy and , let us not tell stories , consume 41 million kg of chocolate during Hallween .
Good maize is the only thing that we do not want to eat ; yet almost 16 million kg is sold for Herweween , according to the National Consumer Association .
This is about 9 billion maize grain .
It is a mystery that I have not yet managed to clarify .
Nothing is more representative of Hallwein than the houses .
They have the best names , such as “ Terocr Behind Walls ” ( who is actually a real prison ) , “ How-O-Scream ” and “ The House of Sheck . ”
In fact , there are 1 200 officially recognized houses in the United States , which generate about $ 500 of revenue , according to America High Unts , and this includes these wonderful photographs of you in the way that your friends put on Facebook and that you cannot abduct and on which you like .
Finally , we are talking about citrops .
Charlie Brown presented us with Grose Ciutrillille when you were besieged , and sculpting a cement in the form of descendence , it is like deceiving a Christmas tree – something that has been done since you are small .
Thankfully for us , the &apos; baby &apos; trend only started last year thanks to Pinteris , so most of us have sculpsed these pots and did not have to sit down .
This year , the Americans will spend around $ 106 in citrus , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
The shells that sneak slowly on your house &apos;s pork were likely to come from Illinois , where 542 million cibels were grown this year .
If you seek to point out more , call Tim and Susan Maaisdon in Napa , California , and try to sculp their breath of 922 kg .
Royal Bank of Scottland will create an internal device ( “ bask bank ” ) , containing £ 38 billion ( $ 45 billion ) of the most risky assets , a measure aimed at relaxing its relations with London and accelerating its reprivatization .
The bank wants to reduce the proportion of dubious assets in its balance sheet from 55 % to 70 % in the next two years and hopes to have cleaned it completely within three years .
RBS also said that it would include a provision for depreciation of additional dubious debts from four to £ 4.5 billion in the quarter , a writing linked to the building structure .
RBS also made it clear that this internal restructuring would release £ 10-11 billion of capital , thereby strengthening its ability to lend .
The bank and London have pointed out that the &apos; bask bank &apos; would help to draw a line from the past , with the government in particular accused of interfering in RBS management .
&apos;We can now move forward , concern ourselves with the future and the 90 % of the assets that constitute a truly good bank and build a large customer for customers and the United Kingdom &apos; , said the new Director General Ross McEwan to the press .
Land Rover ’ s sponsorship
The home has a seat seat and belt belt at 6 points and an Intercom system .
Among the options , there are improved brakes , a service giving access to Bowler Works mechanics , logistical support and the storage of the vehicle between two events .
Dew Bowler , the Director-General of Bowler Motorport , said : “ The amateurs who join Bowler have changed . ”
They are not all experienced , some are seeking excitement and adventure and realistic access to international events .
We are really happy to offer such an approach in partnership with Land Rover and MSA , and we are convinced that this will be a new way of trying to find different forms of refines in the United Kingdom and the international world , and to prepare for the rides and realities of raids .
We had a great deal of pleasure in developing the Defder Challenge vehicle – the championship really will be palpable . ”
In addition , Defder Challenge will propose a day of training and testing in February and the possibility of taking part in events in the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East .
The fire brigades were called to rescue a chicken lost after remained stuck at 15 m above the ground on an unstable corniche in a career in a career in a career in a career in a career .
Réby , a Cook , had escaped after an ungravity road accident
It was postponed three days later by a person who promoted his dog stuck in the career career .
The fire brigade took the cliff back to the cliff and saved it from a certain death .
A chiot had the chance to escape the worst after the fire fire was called on to recover it safely when he was killed at 15 m above the soil on the unstable season of a cliff .
Ruby , a 9 months cooler , escaped after a road accident Sunday afternoon and survived for three days alone before being saved in a career on Wednesday .
His owners , Scott Alderson , 25 years , and his small Becky Hall , 20 years , went to the Flapit career in Denolme , West Yorkshire , to return to Ruby and thank the West Yorkshire fire and rescue service .
They had desperately sought their lost chives and made an appeal on social networking sites after they disappeared into a career following an unserious accident .
Towards 14.15 on Wednesday , a needled person who promoted his dog repented Ruby on a corniche in career , stuck at 15 m above the ground .
A technical rescue team from the Ceckheaton fire barracks went to the scene and took a reminder to save Ruby by using a animal animal to transport it to the top of the cliff .
The technical rescue expert Andy Clayton said : “ It was in a precarious situation . ”
It was in the middle of the cliff , 15 m of the summit and 15 .
She did not move during the rescue – it was frozen .
But it is going well now .
She eating biscuits after .
That was a very unusual call .
It is incredible that someone noticed the dog .
The technical rescue expert Peter Lu said : &apos; Réby had a great deal of chance of getting out of it . &apos;
It could have been seriously injured or worse .
Ruby has been conducted in the veterinarian for monitoring ; his general state was satisfactory , apart from exhaustion and dehydration .
Miss Hall , Halifax in West Yorkshire , said : “ I was terrified by observing the relief . ”
First of all , I did not think it was there .
It was surprising to have it again .
The veterinarian said that if it had been too exhausted and had disappeared , it would probably fall .
The fire brigades were faltering .
What they did was really courageous .
They are so grateful , each of them has been absolutely wonderful .
Mr Alderson , from Keighley , added : “ We were afraid that it would fall , but it did not move . ”
The firemen were super .
I cannot believe that it was there .
Miick Jagger says he never dragged Katy Perry when she was 18 years old .
During an interview with Australian radio broadcasting this week , the pop star said that it was a chorus on Jagger ’ s song “ Old Habits Dee Hard ” in 2004 .
Perry said that he drowned with the rock veteran and explained , “ he got me when I was 18 . ”
She added , “ It was a long time ago , and it was very good . ”
In a statement on Thursday , a representative of Jagger , 70 years , said that he &apos; categorically denies making advances in Katy Perry &apos; .
The representative added : “ Perhaps she confuses it with someone else . ”
Perry was one of the keys to appear at the Rolling Stones tour this year .
His new album , &apos; Prism &apos; , has landed at the top of the charts this week .
Beijing is calling into question a Turkish-led Islamic movement
&apos;The support behind the scenes for the attack came from the Islamic Turkestan Movement based in Central and Western Asia &apos; , declared the boss of the Chinese security bodies at a television station in Hong Kong , according to a video online on Thursday evening on an Internet site .
Meng Jianzhu , who is a member of the Communist Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , was speaking in Tashkent during an official visit to Uzbekistan .
This is the first time a Chinese official has appointed a special organization after the attack on Monday .
According to the Chinese police , three Uyghurs of the same family from Xinjiang , a border of several Central Asian countries , hasten their car with gasoline against the entry of the City banned in Beijing , in a suicide attack that killed two dead and 40 injured .
The driver of the car , his wife and his mother died in the fire of the car .
The Etim , which claims to fight for the independence of East Turkestan , the former name of China ’ s Xinjiang , was classified by the UN in 2002 among Al Qaeda organisations .
This movement is often designated by the Chinese authorities as responsible for the sporadic disorder in Xinjiang , but its real influence is questioned by several experts .
George Kerevan : the break-up of Europe gives the Scots choice
Another day , another worrying story of independence .
This time , we are warned that an independent Scotland would be required to join the European free movement area in order to be able to join the EU .
Now we hear stories of passport control in Berwick and a barbed wire border along the Hadni wall .
While it is true that the Roathcyde newspaper has indicated the possible economic benefits of greater freedom of movement with the rest of Europe , it was not in the headlines ( and it was to be predicted ) .
Nor has anyone said that EU Member States devote much of their time to circumventing their formal rules when it suits them .
Since Scotland is not part of the Schengen area at the moment , continuous non-compliance with the rules would be a small concession that Brussels could offer in return for everything it wants from the Scots .
So it is a story that is not one of them .
And a history that is so old that it is now being established : I heard for the first time the bobard that “ independence means passport control ” over 40 years ago .
However , one interesting point has been forgotten in this interpretation of an old dust fever .
Why should an independent Scotland follow the instructions of Europe , in fact ?
Why exchange the yoke from London against Brussels , especially now ?
This is the real news about Europe : the great post-war plan to unify Europe is finally stalled .
With the euro crisis , the Project Europe is officially dead .
Throughout Europe , the parties that oppose the EU or who are campaigning for the abandonment of the euro as a common currency are gaining ground .
Even in Germany , Germany ’ s Alternative Alternative Party , founded only this year and arrived from nowhere , gathered nearly five million votes in the September federal elections and brought the Liberal Democratic Party ( equivalent to our Liberal Democrats ) of the Bundestag .
There has always been a national opposition to the project of creating a federal Europe .
However , the current economic crisis has marked a turning point .
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank , combined with the straitjacket on national economies through accession to the single currency , has led many people to believe that the Project Europe has gone too far .
The euro crisis has little to do with national governments with excessive budget deficits – that was only true of Greece .
Instead , the European system has put its members of exchange rates favorable to German exporters – something that German politicians want to retain .
Without the possibility of devaluation of the national currency , the countries of southern Europe are finding themselves with an intrinsic productivity problem vis-à-vis Germany .
The only option is to make drastic cuts in wages and public spending – encouraged by Berlin .
Beyond the current budgetary and monetary problems , there is a deeper unease linked to productivity in Europe .
Following the “ green ” energy policies imposed by Brussels – which are a reason to subsidize French and German energy companies at consumer expense – European industry pays twice as much for electricity and four times as much for gas as the US .
This is a cost drawback in terms of costs , as we have already seen in Grangemouth .
Not all wages in the world will prevent the European petrochemical industry from being penalised by cheap American shale gas .
As a result , the revolt , particularly in France , is one of the EU &apos;s leading leaders .
After the war , the French political elite regarded the EU as a means of controlling Germany and putting Paris on an equal footing with Washington .
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport of its political legitimacy and imposed its own economic policy in Europe , leaving the French economy to wash .
As a result , Marine Le Pen ’ s right-wing party , the anti-European National Front , has just won a crucial partial election , sending the Socialists to power in the third place .
The National Front is now the most popular party in France with 24 % of the vote – a timely warning for the British Labour Party that it cannot assume that a split of the right will automatically favour the left .
What does Marine Le Pen do with his new popularity at the French white class ?
It wants to use next year &apos;s European elections to create a single and anti-European anti-currency bloc in the European Parliament .
If the anti-European parties are good at these elections , which is very possible , such a block could control the European Parliament for the first time .
That is what I think : very soon , anti-European and anti-currency sentiment in Europe will unite and eventually kill the euro .
The EU will not disappear , but it will return to something that will resemble the “ Europe of Nations ( sovereign ) , ” General de Gaulle .
Germany and some of its satellite economies could retain the euro , but France and southern Europe will regain their own currencies .
I expect the UK to distance itself from this project , and I hope that it will look into the United States .
But Washington ’ s growing interest in the Pacific suggests that Britain will be left behind in the Atlantic .
And Scotland , in all of this , is Scotland in all this ?
We can decide to be a region of small England ( essentially ) .
Or we can defend our own economic interests , which includes sending out Berlin and Brussels .
I believe that Scotland could live with a freer European agreement on condition that we retain our own currency .
Cooperation with other countries with similar views would be easier in a Europe of non-federal Nations .
Otherwise we should imitate Norway and maintain our economic independence .
Scotland ’ s SNP government is – and should be noted – the most successful anti-austerity movement in Europe , since it won a spectacular majority in 2011 based on its opposition to the proposed cuts ( and implemented ) by the Labour Chancellor , Aistar Darling , and the subsequent conservative / Liberal Democrat coalition .
It would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence if it is to accept the austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels .
Ouquated early : Aemeness earlier : early to early : early , early : early , early :
Studies show that young African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls .
Physical changes do not mean that puberty is imminent imminent .
There is no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are responsible for that .
Experts believe that the obesity epidemic could be a trigger for early puberty puberty .
The trend towards an early pun is not as pronounced among boys as boys .
The former correspondent of CNN Pat Etheridge is a specialised journalist in family and child health issues .
Should a mother be concerned if his daughter ’ s sins and punishments begin to grow at 7 or 8 years ?
At the American Academic Academy of Pediatricics this week in Orlando , Florida , Dr Paul Kapleowitz , child endocrinologists , explained that these early physical changes are fairly common among young American people and represent a new standard .
“ I spend a great deal of time reassuring parents – in general , that does not indicate a rapid development toward full puritis , ” Kapleowitz said .
The obvious signs of development , such as the purification of seats , the pointers , and the pun area and body smells , appear earlier among girls .
But there was only a slight advance in the age of the first rules in the last four decades .
In the United States , the average age is 12 and a half years , while it was 12 years in 1970 .
“ Once the spill began to develop , it takes at least two or three years before the first rules appeared , ” said Kamenowitz , also the author of the “ Elly Puberty in Girles : The Essential Guide to Copyright . ”
Time is the most accurate test of how the puberry will evolve .
There is a debate about what constitutes the real appearance of the puberty , but it is seen as &apos; early &apos; when the development of the tank is accompanied by sudden growth before the age of 8 .
In most cases , development slows or stops – that is something that a paediatrician can follow closely .
More rapid development can justify tests carried out by endocrinologists to remove serious problems like tumours or kysts .
There are treatments to delay the emergence of the first rules and to prevent other consequences : premature ageing of the genes that can curb growth and a small size at adulthood .
The recommendations on medical and hormonal treatment are based on the age of the child , the rate of development , the rate of growth and emotional maturity .
The psychosocial aspects are also important .
Kaapowitz is cautious with medicines , but recognises that “ control of puberry can mitigate certain problems of behavior and the sensational nature of young girls . ”
The other big problem is understandable : parents simply do not want their very young girls to have their rules .
“ They fear the risk of pregnancy or even the way in which they deal with hygiene issues , ” said Kapleowitz .
“ It was a shock , ” remember a woman whose daughter had his first rules at 10 years .
Even if there were signs and we had talked about the rules , it was not emotional .
She returned from the frightened and shaken school to be the first one .
There are many theories made to public knowledge about the causes of the early puriad .
Yet there is no coherent theory that hormones in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment or sexual messages from the media are responsible .
boys , like girls , reach their pun earlier .
Kaapowitz says that the most credible hypothesis is the obesity epidemic .
He took part in a study carried out on girls aged between 6 and 9 , linking the fat mass to the trigger of puberty .
Other findings support this conclusion , but there are many other influential factors .
In that country , young African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the puberty age earlier than white girls .
There are various explanations . There are various explanations .
On a global scale , the mechanisms of early puberty seem to be influenced by everything , economic conditions for climate and genes .
Another problem is that , although boys have poles on the face and in the younger pubian area , the trend towards a real early puberty is not as pronounced as among girls .
Other doctors participating in the APA conference insisted on the complexity of the subject .
The appearance of the acid and pun is common , even in infants and the small .
&apos;We have to be careful about the way in which we identify the true appearance of puberty &apos; , said Dr Lawrence Silverman , a child of endocrinologists working in the hospital for children Gorieb in Morristown , New Jersey .
Parents should not hesitate to ask their paediatrica to know how to talk with their children .
“ This may mean having a conversation earlier than planned , ” explained Kapleowitz .
If you remain calm , your child will respond in general .
Those daughters whose purique is early must be reassured that even when it happens earlier , the process is part of life .
Collection to the Cook of Coen brothers
&apos;Insid Llewn Davis &apos; of the Coen , Great prices of the last Cannes Festival , is a nostalgic and funny film on the 1961 village of 1961 and the mad music that just began to resurface it , before Bob Dylan arrived .
Joel and Ethan Coen , whose filmage has just been the subject of a retrospective to French Kemaatha , had toppled the gold Palm in Cannes in 1991 for Barton Fink .
Failure to hire Dylan or the trio Peter , Paul and Mary , Joel and Ethan Coen have cast their bet on the rising stars of American cinema , Oscar Isaac , 33 years , but also on the global pop of the pop Jutine Timberlake .
In this humour of humour , where music is a central figure and the songs interpreted in direct terms , Oscar Isaac is a musician and a singer of folk accomplished , while Timberlake , his friend in the film , leaves the pop for mad music with contagious jubilation .
As for Carey Mullian , she left the rich trappings of Disly Mullian in &apos; Gatsby the wonderful &apos; for less relaunching clothes , a soft voice when she sits , but the jumpete .
&apos;Insid Llewyn Davis &apos; says a week ago about the tribulations of a folk singer who is not going to go to the whole earth .
It is willing to reverse the replacements in the studios .
Without housing , he makes a tour of his friends who still want to receive him .
A documentary of documentary documentary
&apos;His relationship with success is being tortured , that is what interests us : a mixture of misfortune , a guard that is not there at the right time , which is not careers but incorporates , with self-destructive behaviour &apos; , told the press Ethan Coen , crowded with his brother Joel from several Oscars and prices in Cannes .
If Llewyn Davis did not exist , the two film-music fans built their history on real personalities at the time like the mad Dave Von Ronk .
The idea was to show the moment before Greenwich village , this New York neighborhood , to become &quot; the epicentre of the boom in mad music that would create international stars &quot; as the journalist Elijah Wald , a friend of Van Ronk , wrote .
The film then takes documentary loads , the dust music label invaded 33,3,3T , invented by an old unpayable secretary , the musical choices of the days of the day and the cafés where the chanters came .
The Colen brothers are still operating by including a funny figure running through the film constantly : a beautiful rub in the guise of Llewyn Davis .
When it came to the way in which he made up his figure , the player and singer Jutin Timberlake had reminded us of &quot; growing in the Tenessee , bred by the blut and the crown &quot; .
“ My first lessons of music have been given to me by my grandfather who taught me to play a guest , ” he said .
For Jutine Timberlake , if work is needed to &apos; be considered good &apos; , &apos; chance can also launch someone &apos;s career &apos; , and &apos; increasingly today &apos; .
Like Llewyn Davis , who refuses to compromise on his music , the pop star explains that in a career , &apos; the most important thing is not to allow ourselves to be caught by everything that can prevent us from expressing ourselves &apos; .
Gérard de Villiers , the author of &apos; SAS &apos; , is dead .
He will never have known the word retirement .
Phomène of the French edition , Gérard de Villiers , who died on Thursday at 83 , had just published his 200th SAS , &quot; The Kremlin &apos;s Venice . &quot;
In February , the New York Times devoted it as &apos; the author of espionage who knew too much &apos; .
Then he had passed ten days in Afghanistan , the theatre of 198 and 1990s of the famous series of espionage waves .
When , physically , a very serious heart accident in December 2010 was carried out , it was moving during the trip with a disambulator .
And , before Afghanistan , he was also in Libya , Russia , Lebanon , and Mali .
With four SAS published a year , Gérard de Villiers , born on 8 December 1929 in Paris , ensured that the exact number of books sold since 1965 and the publication of &apos; SAS in Istanbul &apos; , the first of the series , was published almost half a century ago .
&apos;No doubt between 120 and 150 million countries &apos; , he was making progress in March .
His Burmese couses on the knees , in his immense apartment of a Foch Fool building at two from the Arc Arc , the malignous eye under his white hair , cited some of the languages in which SAS adventures were translated : Italian , German , Russian , Greek , Japanese or Korean .
&apos;Not counting the pirate editions &apos; , he added , designating a pile pile on the table between the bronze or the covets reported by the 130 countries aroused by the 130 countries .
For the price of a packet of cigarettes , the reader has the right to traditional coverage with the photo of a young woman on the favorite shop , wearing a gun or an assault gun .
On the inside , his Jerenesime altitude ( SAS ) Prince Malko Linge , Austria ’ s dearted aristocratic aristocrats and contract agent to pay for the family ’ s reparations , goes to the trouble of all the evil , communist , and then jihadist .
Every book , the same recipe : a great dose of geopolitics and exodus , a few scenes of hard sex , a zeal of violence and torture .
&apos;I have never had the claim to be a literary author &apos; , explained Gérard de Villiers .
I see myself as an assistant who wrote for the distraction of people to whom I do not send a message .
He was working &apos; like the major pre-war reporters , of the Albert London type , which was going on the spot and returned with real and lengthy investigations &apos; .
The father of SAS said &apos; to do a kind of geopolitical illiteracy &apos; .
&apos;I am always my files ( Afghanistan , Syria , ... ) before leaving &apos; , adding Gérard de Villiers .
On the ground , I meet journalists , including those of the AFP , diplomats , people of services that I have known for some 20 or 30 years .
As a result , many of his SAS are often premonifying : so , a month before the attack on a Syrian regime command centre killed several senior officials , he told the story in the “ Demas of Damascus . ”
In &quot; Benghazi &quot; , he was the first to reveal the existence of an CIA secret command centre in this city , the cradle of the Libyan revolt .
In 1980 , he launched the assassination of Egyptian President Anwar el-Sadat in &quot; the Cairo plot &quot; , a year before the attack .
In October 2012 , in “ Panic in Bamako , ” he reported the columns of 4X4 jihadi jihadists based on the capital .
I am not in the end , defending Gérard de Villiers , I am simply hypotheses from countries I know well and , from time to time , some of my assumptions are being realised .
After these trips in often troubled areas , it was set up for a month behind its marshal IBM machine from 1976 , with all parts changed .
300 pages later , he wrote the word &apos; IN &apos; and corrected every page in the verb .
Under his office ’ s office , AK-47 , eroded photographs , and the author ’ s photographs with African warlords are under house arrest .
Normally singled out for machisism by feminist leagues and racism by human rights organisations , Gérard de Villiers dismissed these accusations in two sentences .
Some women are sexual objects in my books , but others are beautiful , intelligent and courageous women .
I am always very welcome in Africa where I have many readers .
Gérard de Villiers said it : &apos; Malko Linge , like all heroes , has no age &apos; .
He will not die and will not go into retirement .
No more than I do .
Sponers are squabbling about the size of the seats when large orders are at stake at stake ?
The dispute is raging between the large aircraft manufacturers over the largesse of the tourist class on long-distance flights , opening the way for a bitter confrontation at the Dubai aeronautical Triel in the month of month .
The conflict is about the breadth of seats proposed on long-distance flights to economic class passengers – who are not always the most crowded by the airlines , but whose space is essential to increase efficiency gains in the latest aircraft presented by Airbus and Boeing Co .
This week Airbus called the aviation industry to set up a standard requiring a seat size of at least 18 hens ( 45.72 cm ) in the economic classes , but its great American rival Boeing says that it should be up to airlines to decide .
The dispute erupted as the shokers seek to sell even larger versions of their new-broker aircraft , possibly hoping for a record of orders during the event that will take place from 17 to 21 November .
The way in which seats will be prepared on the back of the plane – in particular , there will be 9 or 10 frontseats – is essential for the economic output of the “ mini-twmbo ” segment .
Boeing says that the reconstructed 777X will be able to accommodate 406 people in seats of more than 17 broad hices , and will be configurated with 10 seats .
Airbus points out that the competing version of its A350 will include 350 people in seats of 18 hens of large stores of 9 .
Air giants often exchange blows on technical issues by making advertising into the professional press .
Today , Airbus is calling directly to the public before the Dubai aerial salon , where 777X should take precedence over its competitors with more than 100 orders .
Recently , we have seen what might be the start of a new advertising war with the financial presentation of a photo showing three people against each other in restaurants , entitled “ Would you accept that ? ”
&apos;Boeing proposes long-distance flights in narrower seats than in regional turboprosers &apos; , as John Lehy , a commercial director of Airbus , said .
As eating habits change , people grow , but seats in aircraft have not changed radically .
Between the early 1970 ’ s , when Boeing ’ s 747 juridico defined the modern long-run journey , and the turn of the century , the average US average of 40 to 49 increased by 10 % , according to US Department of Health data .
The size of the average American in the twenty-first century is 39.7 hens , according to US health statistics .
Airbus says that his rival is clinging to a siege that dates back to the 1950s , when the newly-called “ et break ” circus was closer .
Airbus adds that it has commissioned a study which indicates that an additional cap in the size of seats would improve the quality of the sleep of 53 % .
Boeing disputes Airbus &apos;s figures as regards the size of seats and says that it is not for manufacturers to decide how airlines balance the price of tickets and equipment .
He also says that the study shows that cabin experience depends not only on the size of seats .
&apos;It is really a question of providing the airlines with flexibility and enabling them to do what they think they have to do to carry out their activities &apos; , said Kent Couer , who is responsible for passengers &apos; satisfaction at Boeing .
They do not want to be told what will enable them to be profitable .
They know their businesses better than anyone else .
For passengers , it is more about having a certain freedom of movement , but for suppliers it is increasingly an issue that could affect their results .
Behind the dispute there is a race for aircraft orders for an estimated $ 700 Md at the price of the market in the coming decades , enough to raise the balance of US and European exports .
As Reuters said for the first time in July , the configuration of seats is exactly what fuels the battle between the most recent aircraft .
Airbus and Boeing both claim a seat per seat in their latest long-broked models 20 % higher than that of the market leader in this segment , the Boeing 777-300ER of 365 seats .
The performance announced by Boeing depends partly on the comparison between 777X configuration with 10 seats per rank and a 777 of its original model .
The benefit in terms of unit costs is low compared to the configurated apparatus with 10 seats per tag currently in service .
&apos;Boeing is doing this in order to cover more seats and make its aircraft more competitive by comparison with our products &apos; , declared Kevin Kenison , Director of Constant Passer at the European avid Airbus .
On the other hand , analysts say that the booked booths with 10 seats in the existing 777 seats suggest that many passengers support a more dense configuration , which can go hand in hand with cheaper prices .
&apos;One of 18 hells would be perfect for passengers , but the reality is that , from a commercial point of view , the Airbus proposal is motivated by the threat of 777 , and has declared the in-house expert Mary Kirby , founder and editor of Runway Girle Network .
Airbus and Boeing do not provide seats , but offer a catalogue of suppliers , among which airlines must choose .
Aircraft sellers who go around the world even take a metre to check the competing configurations .
While revenging from offering comfortable appliances , all manufacturers also offer aircraft with highly density configurations to low-cost airlines and regional travel .
Airbus provides an A350 configurated with 10 seats per row but indicates that it has not yet sold it .
Until recently , Airbus stressed the need for greater personalisation of the booths by offering larger seats on some of its aircraft .
Without the support of the other major manufacturer of large modern appliances , experts say that it is unlikely that his appeal to the aviation industry to set up a size standard for seats will lead , but that he could forget the sales wave of 777X .
The shareholders of Orrile irritated by Ellreason &apos;s salary pay
A majority of Orbar shareholders voted on Thursday against the pay proposal for the founder and Director-General Larry Ellison , given the financial performance of his group .
The vote is not binding , but it does away with the image of Larry Ellison , a third world wealth , just as unbearable as its ship victory at the American Cup .
The billionaire still holds 25 % of the software of the software group that it co-founded 40 years ago .
Last year , Ellison had voted against his pay .
The bosle ’ s boss gave up a $ 1.2 million bonus for the financial year 2013 , which was closed in May because of the group ’ s poor performance , which failed its growth goals , but received some $ 77 million from stock options .
Its fixed salary is only a symbolic dollar .
The net benefit of the year 2013 has risen by 3.5 % in the year 2013 , while the stock exchange rate of 27.5 % , plus the S &amp; amp ; P 500 index , which took 24 % at the same time .
The new anti-nicotine vaccine could remove the pleasure of smoking smoking .
Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could remove the pleasure of smoking a cigarette .
A single dose of the vaccine was able to protect the mouse from nicotine addiction .
Other tests are needed before we start testing on human beings , but Professor Corald Crystal of Weill Cornell College of New York has said that the first signs are encouraging .
&apos;We really hope that this sort of vaccination strategy can help millions of smokers who have tried to stop , exhaust all methods currently available on the market , but discover that their addiction is strong enough to overcome these different approaches &apos; , as Professor Cornell said .
The new vaccine contains an harmless virus that has been modified to transport the genetic information needed to design anti-nicotine antibodies .
The virus selectively infects liver cells , which then begin to produce a regular flow of antibodies .
The antibodies treat all molecules of nicotine present in the blood system and neutralise them before they reach the brain , which prevents the smoker from having his dose of nicotine .
During the tests , the vaccinated mice that was then given the nicotine continued their normal business .
But the mouse who had not been vaccinated “ was appeased , ” declared researchers , sign that nicotine had reached their brain .
The experience is described in the Science TransLatin Mediine .
Previous vaccines against tobacco have proved ineffective because they contained antibodies .
The injections needed to be repeated so frequently so that antibody levels remain high that they were too expensive and unpractical .
But the cost of the new vaccine should be much lower because it turns liver cells into antibodies .
Professor Crystal said that if the future vaccine for human use was completely safe , it could be administered to children before they are tempted to try a cigarette , which would prevent any addiction to nicotine .
But it is more likely to be used by smokers who want to stop smoking .
&apos;They will know that if they start smoking they will not be happy because of the anti-nicotine vaccine , and that can help them to lose their bad habit &apos; .
British scientists said that the results were interesting , but pointed out that much more research is needed .
The Pakistani Taliban leader killed by a done on a done done
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban movement , Hakimullah Mehsouth , was killed in an American drone on Friday in Pakistan .
Hakimullah Mehsouth &apos;s death has been announced several times in the past .
But intelligence officials , the army , and the activist have said this time that he had lost their lives in this strike , waged in the North Waziristan region .
&apos;We can confirm that Hakimullah MehSouth was killed in a drone attack &apos; , said a senior security officer .
The day before , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , travelling to London , informed the British Government that talks had been initiated with Thrik e Pakistan ( TTP ) , the Pakistani Taliban movement .
Tripodi denies that Obeid is influenced by Obeid
The former Labour Minister in South Wales , Joe Tripodi , will be investigated by the state anti-corruption regulator .
The former minister of South Wales in the South Joe Tripodi denied that he had changed trade policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid , who had hidden interests in three goods in the government-controlled zone .
On Friday , the Independent Committee on Industry ( ICC ) extended its investigation into whether Mr Obeid had put pressure on several government ministers to renew his bars in Circular Quay , where the Obeid had two restaurants and coffee , after their expiry in August 2005 , without there being any tenders .
It is now investigating the allegations that Mr Tripodi was aware of Mr Obeid &apos;s secret interest in these properties , following the testimony of the former deputy Secretary-General of Mr Tripodi , Lynne Ashpolle , on Thursday .
During the years of discussions that began in 2005 , the government pressed for a call for tenders to be issued .
The tenants were against and wanted longer periods .
In 2009 , the bars about Circular Quay , which reported to the Obeid $ 2.5 per year , were renewed without there being any call for tender .
Mr Tripodi , who was Minister for Ports from February 2006 to November 2009 , was initially in favour of tenders .
But he refused to change his policy at the request of Mr Obeid , who acknowledged Mr Tripodi , calling for a change in government policy .
The transcript of telephone conversations presented to the ICC demonstrated calls in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid , Mr Tripodi and Steve Dunn , a senior official who had arrived to the Ministry of Ports after working under the orders of Mr Obeid in the Ministry of Fisheries .
&quot; The subject discussed during these telephone conversations was the development of trade policy , &quot; asked the deputy Commissioner Anthony Whealy to Mr Tripodi .
&apos;No &apos; , Mr Tripodi replied .
I do not remember what we discussed , but at least that was not the case .
In any case , certainly not between me and Mr Obeid .
Israeli War planes are targeting Syria , declaring a responsible person responsible for Syria to be responsible for Syria .
Israeli warplanes reached a target in the Syrian port of Laakia on Thursday evening , confirming a military officer at Fox News .
The official did not specify what the target was , but said that there was at least one .
The Associate Pis reports that the target was Russian manufacturing missiles SA-125 .
At least twice this year , Israel has carried out air strikes against missile shipments in Syria .
Foreign workers in possession of a 457 visa could have a &apos; authenticity &apos; test .
The government is currently investigating the possibility of introducing a &apos; authenticity &apos; test for foreign workers in possession of a 457 visa .
The test , if adopted , would be applied under a criterion to prevent visas 457 from being used to fill unskilled posts or as a hijacked means of bringing their family and friends to Australia .
A government working document has been revealed today , while Labour MEP Maxine McKew denounced the government discourse on foreign workers , saying that he could offend Australia &apos;s neighbors .
“ The baggering declarations about &quot; alien foreigners &quot; and &quot; jobs for the Australians first &quot; are an unpleasant return when unions demanded a protected labour market , ” she said to Australia India Institute today .
Historically , this meant that the work of the whites had to be protected – and I would not be surprised if some countries in the region saw it as an echo of this historic flavour .
The working document mentions the 12 measures that had previously been envisaged by the former immigration minister Chris Bowen .
Migration Minister Brenan O &apos;Connor , who was in Sri Lanka to meet senior officials to discuss trafficking in human beings , implemented five of the recommended changes , while others are being examined .
If the &apos; authenticity &apos; criterion were adopted , a visa seeker could be checked to know &apos; if the offer of employment is genuine if the candidate is a personal link or personal involvement of the owner or person concerned in the company sponsor &apos; .
Companies could also be obliged to declare the number of visa holders 457 after some of them , having had the intention of sponsoring a small number of workers , actually employed hundreds .
In the meantime , a 35 year-old Sri Lankan asylum seeker would have died from a heart attack after arriving on a ship carrying asylum seekers on the Christops island this week .
The rich son of the age of 9 , went to Australia with him and found some comfort since his father &apos;s death on Wednesday with an adult cousin who was also on board .
The Australian authorities have been transferred urgently by the Australian authorities to the hospital on the Christos island , where they died .
A study to increase the benefits of the HS2 railway project for Scotland was launched by the British Government .
The work carried out by HS2 Ltd suggests that high-speed services to Scotland and the north of England will start as soon as Phais 1 opened in 2026 .
The Minister for Transport Baroness Kramer said that the project &apos; would bring the United Kingdom together &apos; .
The Scottish Minister for Transport , Kethh Brown , said ‘ exé ’ to the idea of working with the British Government on the project .
Phasse 1 will be about a new high-speed rail line between London and the West Midlands .
When Pase 2 is completed , the lines will be Manchester and Leeds .
In June , the government increased the estimated cost of building the high-speed link between London and the north of England , from 32.7 Md to 42.6 Md .
The British Government , which is in talks with Transport Scotland , has asked HS2 Ltd to study the strengthening of rail capacity and to improve the length of journey for the north of England and Scotland .
This must include the possibility of travelling time between Glasgow and Edinburgh by three hours at most .
Baroness Kramer said : “ Our goal for HS2 relates to a truly national network that will bring the United Kingdom and its cities closer together . ”
We are pushing the HS2 project because the advantages it presents are enormous .
Without it we have a problem with the capacity of our rail network .
But it is also a question of developing connectivity between the 18 major British cities , including Glasgow and Edinburgh , so that links between them are better thanks to HS2 .
The British Secretary of State for Scotland , Allistar Carmichael , added : &apos; Today &apos;s announcement is good news for Scotland . &apos;
For the Scottish Government , Kegh Brown called on Mr Carmichal to support the inclusion of Scotland in the HS2 network unequivocally .
Mr Brown said : &apos; The high-speed train has the potential to bring considerable economic benefits to Scotland , but it also brings Scotland &apos;s economic weight into the overall high-speed rail network throughout Britain .
&apos;We are therefore excited about working in partnership with the British Government to examine options for bringing the high-speed rail network up to Scotland , creating an advantage for all and supplementing the Glasgow-Edinburgh line that the Scottish Government is already planning .
“ I look forward to reading the review report with the British ministers next year , and then we will decide together on the next steps . ”
The rules on the use of electronic devices on board are currently in force in Australia for the time being .
Australian air passengers will have to continue to extinguish their tablets and sportphones during the take-up and landing despite the US action to ease the regulation on electronic appliances .
The Federal Aviation Administration has left the door open to US carriers for a change in their procedures so that passengers can read electronic books , watch videos , or play games on their aircraft during critical flight phases , provided they are in the air mode .
Passengers can already do so for most of the flight , but many people find it difficult to access their electronic books during take-off and landing .
Australian carriers are examining the decision which obliges American carriers to do important work to meet the requirements , but have indicated that they do not intend to change their procedures immediately .
The Civil Aviation Authority has also said that it is looking at the announcement but pointed out that restrictions on the use of electronic devices during critical flight phases are still in force in Australia .
&apos;The CASA does not have specific regulations governing the use of electronic aircraft by air &apos; .
The issue is the subject of regulation which obliges aircraft operators to guarantee permanent safety and passengers to comply with the safety instructions provided by crew members .
Virgin , who has already spoken in the CASA about its intention to extend the use of its entertainment system using Wi-Fi technology , was open to change , but has said it would follow the regulator .
&apos;We would welcome a review of the CASA which would allow the use of electronic appliances because we really believe that this would improve the customer experience now that we have ( from the entertainment system using Wi-Fi technology ) on our aircraft &apos; .
Qantas said that it is currently complying with the current rules .
&apos;In accordance with our current policy , electronic appliances cannot be used during take-off and landing , and we do not intend immediately to change that &apos; .
The decision by the FAA applies to US airlines .
However , we are always interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers , and we will look closely at the decision of the FAA and the reasons for it .
For American carriers , the impact of the decision will vary from one airline to another and will depend on the age of their fleet .
The carriers will have to show that their aircraft can tolerate radio interference from electronic appliances , as well as review textbooks , training equipment , hand luggage transport programmes and passenger instructions .
“ As soon as an airline checked the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use light mobile devices , such as tablets , electronic books , and shutphones at all altitude , ” said the FAA .
In rare cases of low visibility , the crew will ask passengers to extinguish their appliances during the landing .
The group has also recommended that heavier equipment be safely placed under the seats or in the upper compartments during the take-up and landing .
Pia : at least four injured in a violent billarch
Pia &apos;s small municipality experienced an unusual excess of fever on Thursday evening .
Three Gendarmerie vehicles , two ambulances and a total of 30 people , according to the testimonies collected ...
On the day of Hallwean , the evening has been turbulent on Pia , where a rift involving several people has broken out on the Post side .
At least four minor injuries would be to be regretted .
Alerted , police have been there to separate the warring parties and ensure that the injured are taken care of .
Singapore ’ s Singapore Trenders benefit from the middle classes forced to tighten their belts
In a lender of the Bendemer commercial center in Singapore , Janani Amirethalinga paints a pot , a joke , and a pound of gold boxes to pay for his daughters ’ schooling .
“ My husband and I have just bought a house that is all my money , ” says Mrs Amirthalinga .
Although it gains $ 3,000 from Singapore ( $ 2,400 ) per month as adversaries and her husband also works , monthly family income is not enough .
In fact , demand is such in parts of Southeast Asia – where household debt increases – that Valumeyx , where it has carried out its transaction , has become the third largest loan company this week to be introduced on the Singapore stock exchange .
Setting up jewels is not only a quick means of obtaining cash – $ 1 300 in Singapore in the case of Mrs Amirthalinga – but it is almost as cheap as unsecured bank loans .
In general , Singapore ’ s lenders levy an effective annual interest rate of 17 % , just above the 15.4 % offered by the United States ’ Unit Overseas Bank , a local donor with a branch in the same commercial center .
However , lenders have the advantage of not asking for solvency verification or evidence of pay , and can release loans more quickly than banks .
As a result , millions of people across the region turn to lenders , while families feel the pressure of rising living costs and over-indebtedness of households and consumers .
After five years of robust growth since the global financial crisis , and cheap credit fueled by excessively lax monetary policy in advanced economies , low and middle-income families turn to lenders to fill the difference while their economies are slowing down .
This week , the credit rating agency Standard &amp; amp ; Point mentioned the rising debt of households , owing mainly to rising mortgage lending , as a risk factor for the solvency of Asian banks .
She said that Malaysia , Thailand , and Singapore recorded the highest debt / GDP ratio in Asia .
Malaysia comes at the top of the list with 80 % of GDP , compared to 60 % in 2008 .
Economists also fear the high level of consumer debt in Thailand , which this week emerged from a technical recession .
On Thursday , data showed continued weakness in exports and a slowdown in consumer demand .
“ The balance sheet is that , with rising costs , people in the middle or bottom &#91; wage scale &#93; seek to supplement their income as they can ’ , Song Seng Wun , an economist at ICMB , a Malaysian bank .
Historically high gold prices over the past two years have meant that people have been quick to put their personal effects to the cash value of their jewels .
In Singapore , about 70 % of the items in the 200200 loan buffers on the securities are in gold .
People say , &apos; the price of gold is high , let us have the golden chain of grandmother and we will be looking for it next month &apos; .
In Thailand , the largest bonus operator , EasyMoney , has recorded a 20 % increase in the number of customers using their shops in recent months .
The rising loan sector is such that Valumeyx , the shop operator in Bendemer and 15 other shops like this in Singapore , is planning to develop not only in neighboring Malaysia – where it already has four shops – but also outside Asia .
The company will finance them by using 60 % of Singapore ’ s 66 % of the world ’ s $ 66 million this week .
While some lower-rate lenders have criticized the exorbitant interest rates that they carry out , Miss Yeah suggests that the deposit offers not only lower rates than other lenders , but that , in addition , it does not increase debt directly .
“ clients are mortgaging goods that they already possess , and monetization of their personal property does not increase household debt , ” she says .
The establishment is increasingly socially accepted as a means of obtaining guaranteed funding in the short term .
People who travel to lenders are not only those who have financial problems .
The rich people in Singapore also go into the Valumeyx loan buffers to provide gold or Rolex monks , which can represent up to 60 % of their purchase price .
We see customers from all sections of society .
“ It may be easy people who need to borrow in the short term for business or investment activities , or small businesses that have cash needs to move a difficult course , ” adding Miss Yeah .
Sometimes they just need money very quickly .
Pator accused of juvenile pornography in New Scotland
A pastor who occupied young people in the Halifax region in New Scotland is accused of juvenile pornography .
Aaron Hudgins , 30 years old , was arrested on Friday morning following searches at his home and the office of the National Research Council in which he works .
Timberlaly ’ s Baptiist Church , where the bossor ran , is deeply saddened by this news .
In a communiqué , church leaders indicate that Mr Hudgins resigned from his post .
The pastor has been released under conditions .
In particular , it should not communicate with people under 18 and without access to the Internet .
He will appear in the provincial court in Halifax in December .
He travels to the supermarket .
A man from a Nazi uniquely barred from a breward with the cross cross was asked to leave an English supermarket , with customers complaining to the head of the establishment that called the police , indicated the shop on Friday .
&apos;We have received a number of complaints from customers , so we asked him to leave the shop &apos; , explained a spokesman for the supermarket chain Asda .
The shop called the police to be rescued , but &apos; the time it arrives , it had already gone unscathed &apos; .
I was queuing when I saw a woman who seemed to be upset .
People were mouted .
&apos;You do not go to the streets unless you want to draw attention &apos; , demonstrated a client , Rosina Rusin , 60 years in the Cambridge News newspaper .
This incident took place on Thursday , the day of the Hallwean celebrations , where it is customary to disguise itself as monster , but it was difficult to know whether it was a duck .
A man in Cambridge claimed the responsibility for this act on his Twitter account , where he released images of Adolf Hitler .
&quot; I wearing a black breward SS twice a week in Asda , &quot; said Paul Dutton , explaining &quot; mental problems &quot; .
The $ 325 rescue plan for the health system of the Tasmania
The federal government maintains that the $ 325 billion bailout package for the vaguely health system is accompanied by strict conditions to ensure that government government will not waste the funds .
Federal Health Minister Tuya Plibersek has announced that the Commonwealth is taking “ urgent steps ” to end a crisis caused by the ageing population of the island state , the high rate of chronic illness and the system ’ s constraints .
The funding for four years was decided after consultations by the government with the independent Member of Tasmania , Andrew Wilkie .
&apos;The government has proposed an emergency rescue plan which , in our opinion , will solve the unique difficulties facing the state &apos; , which Mrs Plibersek has said today .
The $ 325 million plan includes a $ 31 per $ 31 campaign for non-urgent surgery .
2 600 additional operations , particularly in the area of orthopadique surgery and cataration , will help catch up .
Funds are also provided for clinics without meeting in Hobart and Launeston , better external care , training of medical frameworks , mental health services and the deployment of electronic medical systems in local hospitals .
‘ These investments respond to the idea that , according to first-line clinicians , this is the best way to treat the health system of Tasmania , ” Mrs Plibersek said .
The Minister said that the government in Tasmania would be faced with a strict regime of preparation of reports and accounts .
The state will have to maintain current levels of funding in order to receive money from the Commonwealth and prepare monthly reports on sectors where it spends the additional funds .
A committee consisting of three people will be set up to ensure that the state provides services as efficiently and efficiently as possible .
Mr Wilkie said today that the $ 325 million will not count for much “ unless they are followed by real reform to consolidate the public health system of Tasmania . ”
He nevertheless congratulated the government for responding to the request for urgent assistance that he presented to the Prime Minister at the beginning of May .
&apos;I hope that the federal aid plan will make a major contribution to removing the public health system from Tasia on the blacklist &apos; .
According to the government government , these additional non-urgent procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts .
But the spokesperson for the health opposition Peter Dutton believes that today &apos;s announcement is a &apos; fortune solution &apos; .
“ The reason we are here is that the state Labour Government has withdrawn $ 430 from its health system , ” he said on ABC TV .
One cannot have a government of the state that is spending almost half a billion dollars and the Commonwealth that puts $ 300 , and claims that it is a good day .
Mr Dutton visited Mrs Plibersek to ensure that no dollar in the rescue package will be spent on additional bureaucracy .
Denillaume Nicloux ’ s adaptation of Denis ’ s novel to the novel of Denis Diderot boils down to remarkable artistic leadership and a thorough recovery , but it is also more laborious than it should be .
In France of the 1760 ’ s , she tells the dark story of Suzanne , a young aristocrite sent to a family .
When it reacts , it faces the unrestrained cruelty of an deliberately sadistic Suther , and becomes an object of eroded fascination for another .
The film never pays lip service or sensationalism , and that is the problem .
The conscientious nature of narratives could also become a harvesting for the public .
Syria has destroyed its capacity for producing chemical weapons - declares the supervisory body , the supervisory body , and declares the monitoring body .
Syria has destroyed essential equipment for the production of chemical weapons and ammunition with toxic gas , declared the international chemical monitoring body on Thursday , while violent clashes raging in the north of the country , close to one of the sites where toxic agents are supposed to be stored .
A group of Syrian militants also declared Thursday that more than 120 000 people have been killed since the start of the civil war in the country nearly three years ago .
The announcement by the Organisation for the Chemical Weapons ( ICAO ) arrived in advance on the deadline of the deadline of the deadline for the Chemical Weapons .
1 November set by the organisation based in The Hague orders in Damascus to destroy or “ unusable ” all chemical weapons production units and machines to mix toxic gases and fill ammunition .
The completion of what is essentially the phase of initial destruction is an important step in the ambitious timetable to destroy the chemical weapons of Damascus by mid-2014 .
Thanks to the destruction of equipment , Syria will no longer be able to produce new chemical weapons .
However , Damascus still has to start the destruction of existing weapons and reserves .
It is believed that the country has about 1 000 tonnes of chemicals and chemical weapons , including mustard gas and the neurotoxic agent sarin agent .
The announcement was made when the fighting was raging on Thursday in the town of Safira which , according to the experts , hosts a unit for chemical weapons and storage sites , reported the Syrian Human Rights Observatory based in Britain .
The group of militants , following the evolution of the human toll through a network of militants based in Syria , declared Thursday that 120 296 people died .
Of these , it is estimated that there were 61 067 civilians , 6 365 children .
On the government side , 29 954 members of President Bashar al-Assad ’ s armed forces have died , including 18 678 fighters of pro-government forces and 187 Lebanese Hezbollah militants .
Of the dead , it is also estimated that 2 202 were deserters and some 5 375 of opposition fighters , many of whom were foreigners .
On 25 July , the UN estimated that 100 000 people had died in the conflict since March 2011 .
It has not updated this figure since then .
Some 2 million people have had to flee the country because of the conflict .
Assad ’ s troops are fighting against the rebels , many of whom have been linked to al-Qaeda groups in Safira for weeks .
The Observatory said on Thursday that there were losses on both sides but did not give any precision .
The fighting has highlighted the importance of the dangers faced by chemical weapons inspectors when they have to complete their mission , which is to rid Syria of its toxic arsenal in the midst of a continuing civil war within a tight time frame .
A statement by the ICAO , which works closely with the UN , indicated that its team was “ now satisfied with controlled – and seen destroyed – all the critical production and machinery for mixing and filling . ”
She added that &apos; no other inspection activity was planned at the moment &apos; .
Earlier this week , the inspectors declared that they had completed the first stage of the verification work , visiting 21 of the 23 sites declared by Damascus .
They were not able to visit the last two sites because of concerns about their safety , which indicated the inspectors .
On Thursday , the ICAO said that the two sites were , according to Syria , &apos; abandoned and ... that the elements of the chemical weapons programme that they were content with had been moved to other declared sites , which were inspected &apos; .
It was difficult to know at first sight whether the unity of Safira was one of the two sites that the ICAO inspectors were unable to visit .
Syria has submitted a plan to destroy its chemical weapons , which was approved the following month by the ICAO Executive Committee .
&quot; I salute the moral strength and courage that you have all shown in the most difficult task ever undertaken by this organisation , &quot; said the Director-General of the organisation Ahmet Uzumescu , in a comment published by the ICAO .
Now in its third year , civil war is mainly a matter of Sunni Muslim rebels in Assad ’ s government and security forces , which are supported by members of the allawite sect , a branch of Shia Islam .
On the other hand , the Director of the Syrian Human Rights Observatory said that there was a strong explosion on Wednesday in an air defence base in the Syrian coastal province of Laakia .
The cause of the explosion is still unknown , he added .
Coal caused by the sentence against one of the Bali bomb posters
The survivors and relatives of the 202 people killed in the Bali attacks in 2002 reacted with anger to the sentence against the last conspirators to be brought to justice , saying that Umar Patk should be shot by an execution peg .
Patek , who spent almost 10 years on flight as one of the most sought men in South-East Asia , was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in prison for his role in manufacturing the explosive devices used in the attacks .
It could be released after 15 years under conditional release .
The 40-year-old man was convicted of mass killing for the attacks on two night boxes in the Kutta popular tourist district , who caused the deaths of 202 people , including 88 Australians , and made many injured .
It has also been convicted of many other charges in connection with terrorism , including a wave of attacks on churches throughout Indonesia on the eve of Christmas in 2000 .
The prosecutors have asked for a life of life imprisonment , yet they could have asked for the man , known as &apos; Diction Man &apos; , to be sentenced to death .
The decision revived painful memories for Ja Corteen , a mother of Perth who lost his two 39-year-old twils , Jane and Jenny , in the destruction of Patek and other conspirators nearly 10 years ago .
On the brink of tears , she said that Patek should have been sentenced to death .
I really believe that he should have gone along the same path as other men .
&apos;It should be dragged down in front of the execution &apos; , Mrs Corteen said to the APA .
I have to live every day without having other grandchildren or seeing my girls .
Sari Club was completely destroyed when a huge bomb , charged in an outdoor gate , exploded just after 23 p.m. on 12 October 2002 .
Peter Hughes was in Padys &apos;s Bar when a suicide bomber broke a bag with explosives of just 20 seconds earlier .
He sinked into the coma after the attack and remained unconscious for a month , and he is &apos; dead &apos; three times when he was under respiratory assistance .
Mr Hughes said that Patek should have known the same fate as the other three members of Jemaah Islamiyah ’ s terrorist cell – Amrozi , Mukkas , and Imam Samura – who were executed four years ago .
In fact , this man should have been sentenced to death before others .
To keep it alive , why there is no reason to keep it alive .
Putting 20 years in prison after killing 202 people and injured hundreds of others is not much .
Patek is the last of the Bali bombings to be brought to justice .
He had managed to avoid being caught for nearly 10 years , but was finally arrested in January 2011 in the Pakistani city of Abbotbatd , where US forces will kill former al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden less than four months later .
During the trial , a FBI agent said that intelligence reports had revealed that Patek was in Pakistan to meet bin Laden with the aim of restoring links between the terrorist groups in South-East Asia and Al Qaeda .
&apos;He did not go &apos; , added Mrs Corteen .
Until recently , he has made a mockery of the grief he had been able to cause to other people .
The verdict was made on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the attacks that will be celebrated later this year and marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia .
&apos;There will be a lot of people this year &apos; , Mrs Corteen said .
Patek , however , can appeal for his condemnation .
FAA : air passengers can now use gadgets on board aeroplanes ( but not via their mobile phone ) .
Airlines of airlines will be able to use their door-to-door electronic devices to read , work , play games , watch films , and listen to music – but not to talk about their mobile phones – under the highly expected new directives published on Thursday by the Federal Aviation Administration .
But passengers should not be expected to expect immediate changes .
The speed with which change will be introduced will vary from one airline to another , declared the administrator of the FAA Michael Herta at a press conference .
Airlines will have to prove to the FAA that their aircraft comply with the new directives and have updated the training textbooks of crew members and the rules on the tipping of aircraft .
The FAA has said that it has already received plans from some airlines to extend the use of electronic appliances on their aircraft .
Delta and JetBlue are among the companies that have already submitted plans .
&apos;In accordance with the plan , we could approve the extended use of electronic appliances very soon &apos; .
At present , passengers have to extinguish their sportphones , tablets and other appliances as soon as the air doors are closed .
They are not supposed to refine them before the plane reaches an altitude of 10 000 feet and the commander gives the green light .
Passengers are supposed to extinguish their appliances at the flight of the plane before the landing and not rekindle them until the plane came .
Under the new directives , airlines whose aircraft are properly protected from electronic interference will allow passengers to use their appliances during take-off , landing and ground wheels , declared the FAA .
Most new airplanes and other aircraft that have been modified so that passengers can use Wi-Fi to higher altitude , should meet the criteria .
La Glading , Chairman of the Association of Profesesal Fliving Attendant , was happy with these changes .
“ Once the new policy implemented safely – and we are going to work closely with carriers for this – it will benefit everyone ’ s , ” explained Glading in a statement .
We are , frankly , tired of feeling to be &apos; the watchdogs &apos; when it comes to this issue .
But it will always be forbidden to connect to the Internet for overflowing , exchange emails and SMS , or downloading data below 10,000 feet .
Passengers will have to put their sportphones , tablets and other aircraft aircraft .
So there are still no World With Friends , the Scrbble online game to which the actor Alec Baldwin played on his sample in 2011 when he was expelled from an American Airlines plane after refusing to extinguish his equipment while the apparatus was kept at the door .
And heavier appliances like mobile computers will always have to be contested because they could hurt someone if they fly through the cabin .
The mobile phones on board will also continue to be banned .
Regulatory power on mobile phones belongs to the Federal Communications Commission and not to the FAA .
The FAA can lift the ban on certain electronic devices during take-off and landing landing
Last month , Mark Rosenker of the National Transitional Nation , a national transport safety expert on CBS News , said that mobile phones were always regarded as a risk .
&apos;mobile phones are really a problem , not only because they may possibly create interference with navigation instruments , but because we know , according to the FCCC , that they could disrupt mobile phone offices if they are used on board &apos; .
An industrial advisory committee created by the FAA to examine the problem recommended last month that the government would allow the wider use of personal electronic devices .
The pressure on the FAA has increased over recent years to relax restrictions on their use .
Critics like Senator Claire McCaskl , D-Mo , argue that there is no valid safety reason for these bans .
The restrictions are also increasingly difficult to implement because the use of appliances has become omnipresent .
Some studies indicate that at least one-third of passengers forget to extinguish their appliances or deliberately do so .
The FAA began to limit the use of electronic appliances in 1996 following reports of interference with navigation and communication instruments when passengers transported FM radio , the high-tech gadmict of then .
New aeroplanes depend far more on electricity systems than on previous generations of aircraft , but they are also designed to resist electronic interference and approved by the FAA .
The airlines have been allowing their passengers to use Wi-Fi to cruise allegiances for several years .
modified aircraft to host Wi-Fi systems also better resist interference .
The vast majority of online aircraft should allow the wider use of electronic appliances under the new directives , declared Huta .
Today &apos;s electronic devices generally emit much lower power broadcasting than previous generations of aircraft .
Electronic books , for example , only emit minimum transmissions when you turn a page .
However , the transmissions are stronger when the goods are over or send data .
Amazon.com is among those who press for a relaxation of restrictions on the use of electronic devices by passengers .
In 2011 , the leaders of the company charged a Kindle e-books airplane and left it to see if there were problems , but there were none .
This inspired members of the FAA advisory committee with mixed feelings about whether or not the use of appliances is a risk .
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said that he thought that aircraft interference was real , even if the risk was minimal .
Other members of the committee said that there are only anecdotal reports from pilots indicating that aircraft can interfere with aircraft systems , and that most of them are very old .
However , the committee recommended that the FAA should allow pilots to ask passengers to extinguish their appliances during the landing of instruments under low visibility conditions .
A group of the travel industry welcomed the changes , calling them for sensible arrangements for travellers equipped with technology .
&apos;We are pleased that the FAA recognises that a pleasant passenger experiment is not incompatible with security &apos; , has declared Roger Dow , President and Director of the U.S. Travel Association .
A dormant bird of a platform in the North Sea has been released in nature in nature .
A bird , heaven after having been exhausted on an oil platform in the North Sea , was released into nature .
The water rens were raised on board a helicopter to Aberdeen last month before it was handed over by the Scottish SPCA in its Almoa rescue centre .
The director of the centre , Colin Seddon , said : &apos; This water lunch was probably a winter migratory that came from northern Europe and found itself caught in violent winds in the North Sea . &apos;
The exhausted bird seems to have found refuge on the oil platform .
He added : “ He was unable to fly again , so we were contacted to help . ”
The water lunch was healthy when it was released .
Is the European elite prepared to do business with Britain ?
The commercial campaign for Brittany was launched in April with the promise to bring businesses together and define what creators of wealth and jobs want to see change in our relationship with the EU .
In order to do this , we commissioned the widest and most comprehensive investigation of British entrepreneurs and asked them what they thought of Britain , businesses and the EU .
YouGoev questioned more than 1 000 entrepreneurs , who are generally representative of all sizes of business , sectors and regions in Britain .
The findings of the inquiry will be a surprise to many .
We have discovered that the vast majority of companies are now seeking to export outside Europe , focusing on the countries that are modernizing and developing while the EU states are stagnating .
They want to see the government prioritising new trade links with countries like China , India , and Brazil , rather than getting bogged down in the long and arduous process of reforming Europe ’ s institutional arts .
When asked for their views on specific policy points – ranging from regulating monopolies to product laws – the majority of entrepreneurs believe that control of these key skills should return to Westminster .
The single market has caused general discontent , with companies saying that the cost of the Brussels Regulation is disproportionate to the benefits of being part of the European trade area – 40 % of the large companies , traditionally the most pro-European ones , even agree .
Last but not least , our survey of the entrepreneurs showed that a large majority wanted to see Britain continue the initiatives to change the Treaty and the development of a relationship with the EU based on trade and not politics .
This conclusion , which is found in all large groups and companies of all sizes , shows that the business world insists on a “ significant change ” that restores power in the UK .
The stakes are high – to change the treaty and to represent Britain ’ s interests better would see a 16 % shift in votes in favour of maintaining the country in the EU in a referendum .
The Prime Minister should not doubt one moment : this survey shows that British companies support this plan to renegotiate the terms of Britain &apos;s membership of the EU .
It also shows that companies hope that renegotiation will be a significant change in the current balance of power to return to the UK .
It is possible , and increasingly necessary , to represent the interests of British companies better , since the euro area is moving towards closer economic and fiscal union .
The priority must be employment and growth in Britain and , as the conclusions of our inquiry show , for businesses this means placing the emphasis again on trade and a fundamental change in the regulatory approach in Brussels .
The United States with Hallween colours
In the US , President Obama has not defied the tradition of Hallween .
With his wife yesterday evening he distributed farewell to hundreds of children invited in the White House jardens in Washington .
Last year , Hallween festivities on the east coast of the United States were cancelled due to the passage of Hurricane Sandy .
This year , the celebrations have therefore caught up .
In New York , thousands of costued people participated in the parade organised in the Greenwich village district .
Everyone is over-excited , told one of the participants , Andrea .
I have finally been able to put my own house in order last year .
It is like crazy , adding Rhonda .
People are happy .
It is a good child , it is cool .
We really do need that .
Hallween is a paic celebration celebrated on the eve of the Tousaint , mainly in the Anglo-Saxon countries .
Alexander Miller of Gazprom declares that the Bulgaria gas pipeline augurs a new era of gas gas .
The start of the South Stream pipeline in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe &apos;s largest energy projects , declared the Director of Gazprom .
&apos;A historic event has taken place today : construction started in Bulgaria &apos;s South Stream gas pipeline , the most important large-scale project in Europe &apos; , explained Alexi Miller , the Director-General of Gazprom , in a statement on Thursday .
This project is a key element in the energy security of the entire continent of Europe .
South Stream should make it possible to diversify Russia &apos;s export routes to Europe .
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and his Ukrainian counterpart , a country through which the largest part of Russian gas for Europe is transit , increases the level of risk relative to conventional channels , adding the director .
Miller added that the direct link to Bulgaria , a Member of the European Union , means that the geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are eliminated &apos; forever &apos; .
Bulgarian consumers will receive South Stream gas at a reduced rate as soon as the whole project is put into operation in 2015 .
Gazprom has indicated that construction should start in other countries downstream by the end of the year .
The pipeline was designed for an annual capacity of 63 billion cubic metres of natural gas .
Pitharine wants to create the world ’ s largest marine reserve
The Isle of Pitkarn wants to create the world ’ s largest marine reserve , announced on Thursday the New Tahti newspaper , containing information from Radio Australia .
This island , in the east of the Gamer Islands ( French Polynesia ) , is the last British territory of the South Pacific , halfway between New Zealand and Chile .
This territory includes 47 km2 , with three other small islands .
He has been British since his occupation in 1790 by the mutilation of Bounaty , an episode in the history of the English navy , which resulted in three Hollywood adaptations .
A few dozen people , most of the descendants of Bounaty mutilé , still live Pitcarin , and their incomes depend on 95 % of London &apos;s generosity .
The Council of the island voted unanimously in favour of creating a marine reserve around the small archipelago , or 8366,000 km2 , which corresponds to its exclusive economic zone .
A deputy to the Mayor of the island went to London asking Britain to validate this request .
Mike Warreen , the mayor of Pitharin , believes that creating such a protected zone would be a first step towards greater financial autonomy for his island .
The project must be accepted by the English governor of Pitcairrn , resident in New Zealand , and by the British Government .
The creation of such a marine reserve would allow the UK to sanctuarize these 836,000 km2 , provided , however , that it has the means to monitor it , which is not the case .
There are no airport in Pitcairrn , which makes it impossible to base one or more aircraft dedicated to surveillance in the area , and there is no port where military surveillance vessels are placed .
As for France , it already has to lead the very costly air and sea surveillance of the five million km2 of the EEZ of French Polynesia , a neighbour of Pitkarn .
The FAA relaxed restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on board aircraft – but it will always be forbidden to switch to mobile phones .
Fighting planes attack a stockpile of Russian missiles in the port city of Laakia .
It would apparently be the continuation of the Israeli campaign to prevent the proliferation of weapons in the Middle East .
A federal court of appeal is blocking a judge &apos;s decision that the controversial NYPD tactics are discriminatory against minorities .
Almost 100 African migrants hoping to go to Algeria died of thirst after their two lorries fell in the middle of the Sahara .
Experts say that the violence that caused the death of 14 adults and 7 children is nothing more than an unfortunate coincidence , not a sign of an escalation of violence in America .
Instead of destabilising government activities in the US , investors remained focused on what is probably the most important : the Federal Reserve .
California is planning to contest what might be the first quotation to appear in its kind , saying that the Internet interception makes shipping easier .
The police state that she is in possession of a video that seems to show the Mary Rob Ford smoking at the top .
Even close allies hide things – and look at all sides to find out what has not been said .
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic parks around the world handle sensitive issues such as contraception , divorce , and homosexual couples .
Prison life for a former Chinese deputy governor
A former deputy governor of the province of Jiin , in northeast China , was sentenced on Friday to life imprisonment for corruption .
The Communist Party in July 2012 , Tian Xueren was accused of affecting more than 19 million yuans of bribes , reporting China ’ s official media .
Between 1995 and 2001 , the Deputy Governor , who was also President of the Bank of Jiin , a public establishment , helped and is responsible for obtaining contracts , loans or promotions in exchange for money or gifts , declared the first intermediate court in Beijing on its microphone .
President Xi Jinping , who took office last March , made the fight against corruption a national priority , believing that the phenomenon was a threat to the existence of the Communist Party itself .
If the Head of State promised that justice would also be intractable with the powerful &apos; tigers &apos; than with the &apos; mouths &apos; - subservient officials - only a handful of senior officials have been convicted .
The most spectacular recent case was the former CCP leader in Chongqing , Bo Xilai , who was sentenced to life in September for corruption and abuse of power after targeting the highest office within the state .
But the government has not shown any intention of reforming the anti-corruption system by creating , for example , an independent party body .
Two YMA employees accused of sexual assault following allegations against Jonathan Lord , at a hearing of the Royal Commission .
Two WMA employees in South Wales have been accused of sexual assaults on children following allegations made against Caringbah &apos;s educator , Jonathan Lord , in 2011 , at a hearing of the Royal Commission responsible for sexual abuse of children .
In his opening statement to the Commission , however , the YMA said that it &apos; never had to deal with a problem of sexual assault on children in its organisation &apos; .
Director-General Phillip Hare was asked about two cases : a YMA employee was accused of offences relating to child pornography and a physical education instructor of YMA Caringbah Hall was convicted of sexual assaults on children in the centre where he worked in 1991 .
Mr Hare said to the Commission that he had been informed of the first case , and that he was not aware of the second case .
He also admitted that the opening declaration of the YMA was inaccurate by pointing out , &apos; external controls of the EMA were carried out and indicated that child safety was an absolute priority for the organisation &apos; .
It has been demonstrated before the Commission that the YMCA had been informed that it had received the most misjudgement on four institutions during a quality audit of the Department of Education and Communications carried out in August this year .
Mr Hare , who began working on the YMA at the age of 21 , admitted that staff management was a failure with the recruitment of Lord and failed to check that employees knew they were obliged to report any breaches of child safety policy .
Earlier this year , Lord Lord was sentenced for sexual assault on 12 boys during the two years that he worked on the YMA .
He has been sentenced to a sentence of six years of a minimum prison .
But Mr Hare rejected the idea that YMA would have a cultural problem preventing staff from reporting Lord &apos;s failings on child safety .
The staff have shown that they have observed certain shortcomings , in particular the fact that Lord Lord remained alone with children , kept them in private , made them sit on his knees , told them that he loved them and left them to play with his mobile phone .
Danile Ockwell , who was controlled by Lord and asked for training for child protection because she was concerned about his behaviour , indicated that she found the head of YMA Caringbah , Jach Barnaat , who would be very intimidating and difficult to approach most of the time .
The Director-General said that he rejected the testimonies of staff that they were reluctant to point out these failings to their superiors .
Instead , he said that the friendly relations they had with Lord have blurred their judgment , which means that they have not reported his actions .
Mr Hare said that he had expressed his point of view before the South Wales council of the South saying that , for the organisation , the lesson of the &apos; Jonathan Lord incident &apos; should not concern the staff , and the Council agreed with him .
Mr Hare said that the decision to sign the confidentiality agreements to staff , shortly after the allegations were made , was taken by the Director General of the YMA responsible for childcare , Liam Whitley .
He said that this decision was intended to prevent any contamination of evidence , but that it was an &apos; excess of zeal &apos; and had been poorly implemented .
The South Wales was not a safe organisation for children at a time when Jonathan Lord was employed there , that is , between 2009 and 2011 , the expert on sexual violence on children , Professor Stephen Smallbone from Griffith University in the Commission .
He said that there are &apos; serious problems &apos; in recruitment , control , initiation , training and supervision of staff .
The hearing was postponed until 20 December .
Tony Blair said he would seize the opportunity to become Prime Minister , but recognize that his return is unlikely .
In an interview last night marking the 5th anniversary of his departure at the end of his term of office , the 59 year-old man gave his opinion on various national policies .
Since its departure in June 2007 after a decade leading the country , Blair has largely avoided discussing British policy , limiting his comments to foreign affairs and his role as Special Envoy for the Middle East peace process .
When he was asked whether he would like to return to the post of Prime Minister , Mr Blair would have replied , according to the London Standard : yes , but it may happen , so ...
When many fact-finding experts met in Cardiff in order to confront and win the tropy of the year ’ s Cheval , they knew that competition would be harsh .
But no one expected to see Fenon Kyrgyzstan , a three-year-old child .
Not at school , and only a few months after it was first weapons , the small and his Shetland Toffee clout ran through the three rounds with great ease and won the first price , leaving behind the 30 other adult competitors .
The two inseparable – which are of the same size – were welcomed for the presentation , attitude , and style at the annual contest that took place at the center of Sunnybank in Rudary near Cardiff .
To stand up against men and women in elegant melesis , he had his hat captured a little on the side in a discontracted way to dispose of his 2 year-old Touree Task .
The judges were greeted by judges for their uncommon natural qualities for a child of his age .
And Toffe received very good notes for his presentation and his personality .
Fenon had a gift for his 3th birthday last March , and has been taking place since his Shetland ponder every day .
His mother Dona , 30 years , said : ‘ Fenon and Toffe are doing an excellent duo ’ .
They stood against and against all , but both have dragged the gold and rock cut .
It was only the second time that he was living with Toffee and we were happy to win .
People who did not know that it was so phenomenal that they wanted to photograph with him .
This young boy , from the village of Nantyglo , near Eubw Vale , in southern Wales , is following the footsteps of his leader Sharon Howells , who has been involved in tenders for more than 10 years .
Mrs Howitt said : &apos; There was electricity in the air and everyone encouraged it and applauded it &apos; .
He went through the whole story and even if he seemed to be small , he did a wonderful job .
Fon is crazy of animals – it love horses , tractors , and rural world , and has two chickens .
The way in which he began , he will soon be taking part in the Cheval of the year – and I am sure he will do a good job .
A spokesperson for the annual email said : ‘ Fenon is only three years , but he knows how to conduct his ponder ’ .
They are a good team .
The judges have noticed that Fenon and Toffe are well presented and the way they marched on the line .
They are looking for effective team work between the ponder and the trader – Fenon and Toffe have been the best on the line .
I am sure his beautiful clothes helped Fenon , he really was proud .
A Chinese newspaper that launched an appeal &apos; will be recast &apos; .
A Chinese newspaper that launched a first-page call for the release of a journalist accused of defamation will be repaired , declare a press regulator .
The New Express based in Guangzhou published a rare public appeal for the release of the journalist Chen Yongzhou .
But Mr Chen later admitted on television that he accepted bribes to make stories about a semi-public society .
Now the New Express is going to undergo a &apos; complete overhaul &apos; .
The order of &apos; reshuffle &apos; comes from the administration of Guangdon for Presca and Edition , Radio , Film and Television .
A preliminary investigation showed that the New Express , belonging to the Yangcheng Evening Group , had published several erroneous articles about the listed Zoomlion society between September 2012 and August 2013 .
&apos;The drafting of New Express was disorganised &apos; , the regulator said in a statement .
He said he had decided &apos; to impose an administrative penalty on Chen Yongzhou by withdrawing his press map &apos; .
He has also &quot; ordered the Yangcheng Evening Group to undertake a complete overhaul of New Express , and recommended that he investigate those responsible in New Express and immediately repress the newspaper &apos;s management team &quot; .
Mr Chen wrote several articles for the New Express on the alleged financial irregularities of a shipyard manufacturer called Zoomlion .
After his arrest , his newspaper issued twice a call on the front page for his release , writing that he supported his journalism .
But Mr Chen then appeared on a public television channel where he admitted that he had published false stories against money .
&quot; In this case I have damaged Zoomlion and the media industry and its ability to win public confidence &quot; , he said to the public television network CCTV .
I did so mainly because I was running after the money and the celebrities .
I have realised that I am wrong .
Following Mr Chen &apos;s apologies , New Express published his apologies on the front page , writing that he had not properly checked his articles .
A number of important suspects have recently made television admissions .
Experts say that people are systematically forced to make their admissions , despite a change in the law that was voted on earlier in the year prohibiting the authorities from forcing anyone to blame themselves .
The aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle in &apos; unavailable &apos;
In Toulon , the aircraft carrier is on the run .
The flight of radioactive steam detected on one of the two nuclear heaters in Charles de Gaulle in mid-October and when the ship was at sea was &apos; safe for seafarers &apos; , but is not without consequences for the Marine .
Indeed , the Royal has confirmed to us &apos; the unavailability &apos; of the vessel until &apos; mid-November &apos; , &apos; the time to take appropriate corrective measures &apos; on the reactor .
On the other hand , the company , DDR , which is a defence naval company , ensures that his teams and those of Areva , sent to the Var on the occasion , &apos; are currently on the aircraft carrier &apos; .
It is for them , among other things , to change a pump on failing heat .
&apos;Everything is being done so that Charles de Gaulle can carry out his planned deployment at the end of 2013 &apos; .
And the national Navy to certify that &apos; this does not call into question the ship &apos; s activities on nuclear propulsion .
Let us remember that the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle is leaving an interim six-month period .
He had built Toulon in mid-October for training .
This , in particular , is to describe young hunting pilots .
A &apos; small arie &apos; , confined to the area of containment of the reactor , then occurred on the amicable ship of the French fleet .
According to the National Marine , the crew had not been exposed to any radioactive contamination .
For more than a year , I have been able to see a strong discontent from the people I meet : monstrous revaluation of their properties , tax breaks , the cost of permits of all kinds , administrative costs .
In short , we have no limit in our pockets .
Millions of squandered dollars could be saved to allow a tax that is much respectful of those who pay .
Any money taken away from taxpayers reduces their freedom of consumption and contributes to their impoverishment .
In Shawinigan , despite the closure of all major companies , we are not bothering about sompling expenditure and maintaining lame ducks : a deficit of culture , strong subsidies to Energy Energy , etc .
If these facilities are not profitable , they are sold to private companies or they are being demolished .
It is also sad to see the expropriation of several properties in order to welcome a major industry that has never come .
However , I have an honourable mention of the transformation of former Wabasso into a kind of industrial incubator , but how much cost to tax payers ?
It is not up to the public to invest in such companies , but to the private sector on the basis of consumer demand .
The citizens were pleased to learn that the lakes in the Fisheries and Pies will continue to supply the city with drinking water .
Following the departure of all industries ( large water users ) and the major decline in the population , the use of water has fallen considerably across the territory .
Without wishing to waste it , the city will never fail , and the strict regulation of its use could be greatly watered down .
In short , it is easy to achieve great things with the money of others .
I would be ashamed to defend such a balance sheet .
With a gross debt of more than $ 200 million , this city is no longer able to buy a fait without a borrowing regulation .
For more than 40 years , we have been in operation for more than 40 years with fine diplomas , and I do not believe that a sheep farmer is doing worse .
Outness of a drug tunnel between the United States and Mexico with its own railway route
One of the most sophisticated tunnels for drug trafficking between the United States and Mexico , with its own lighting , ventilation and electrical rails , has been discovered .
The US authorities described the tunnel by 4 feet per 3 as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they had ever seen .
The tunnel , zigzager on a length of six long football fields , links warehouses near Tijuana , Mexico , San Diego , the United States .
The area is full of unworkable warehouses , which makes it easy to conceal drug trucks .
The tunnel was closed before drugs came out of it unnoticed , declared the authorities .
The authorities seized 8.5 tonnes of marijuana and 148 kg of cocaine after the tunnel was discovered , according to judicial cases .
Three men who , according to the authorities , were working as drivers , were accused of possession of marijuana and cocaine with intention to sell .
They run a prison sentence of 10 years to life imprisonment if they are convicted .
In Nogales , Arizona , traffickers exploit vast underground drainage channels .
The tunnel is the eighth important passage in San Diego since 2006 .
Some of the biggest tunnels were discovered following the marijuana harvest in the centre of Mexico in October , posing a challenge for the drug cartels that must quickly deliver their products to consumers .
In 2010 , the authorities found a passage of around 700 yards with railways from the kitchen of a Tijana house and went up to two warehouses in San Diego .
The British police issued an extradition mandate against Assange
The British police have today issued an extradition mandate against the founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange , who took refuge in the Ecuador Ambassador in London and called for political asylum .
Scotland Yard said she had issued a “ surrender opinion ” against Australian for 40 years , asking him to come to a police commission , adding that if he did not , he could be arrested .
Assange could be extradited in Sweden following allegations of sexual crime , after having exhausted all possible avenues under British law after the Supreme Court invalidated its appeal against its extradition at the beginning of this month .
As a result of Stockholm allowing its transfer to the United States , he found refuge in the Ecuador Embasade in London on 19 June , asking that South American country for political asylum .
Scotland Yard &apos; issued an opinion against a 40-year-old man asking him to come to a police office , on the date and time of his choice &apos; , declared a spokesman .
It continues to violate the conditions for its release under bail .
The Ambassador refused to comment on the issue of issuing the opinion by the police .
Assange fears being extradited from Sweden to the United States where it could be accused of spying , having unveiled more than 250 000 US diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks site fighting secret information .
How Biometry is going to invade our lives
Fini has the words to tap into his or her sample or pay his purchases ?
American , French or Japanese researchers predict a future in which we will be recognised by biometric captors and computers .
Bernard Didier , the Deputy Managing Director of Morpho , even believes that “ the century will be biometric . ”
Only biometrics will ensure the identity of a person carrying out transactions in a universe and transnational universe than the Internet .
The organisations dedicated to the protection of privacy confirm this excitement for biometrics , but they are concerned about it .
In 2011 and France alone , the National Information and Freedom Commission authorised 774 systems for the recognition of fingerprints , the form of the hand or the holy network of hand in companies , administrations , canteens ...
&apos;Everyone can soon be identified , wherever and whenever &apos; , is in Washington , responsible for the privacy of consumers in the CDC ( Center for Democracy and Technology ) , in Washington .
The reasons for such optimism , among some , and pessimism , among others ?
Biometrics will be based on new techniques , which will enable new services to be made available to citizens and consumers .
Today , in France , the most widely used biometric data are fingerprinting , the trick of the hand , and the vintage network of the pause or fingers .
But each of these techniques has its constraints .
&apos;For example , some people who work on concrete have their fingers and their fingerprints unmistakable &apos; , noted Philippe Robin , the technical director of the identity area in Thales Communications and Security .
And the collection and the verification of the holy network and the hand of the hand require a voluntary and precise gesture from the people .
It is both a security - we cannot collect this data at all - and one drawback : the procedure must sometimes be repeated and therefore takes time .
As a result , research has been carried out for some 20 years on other approaches , such as recognition of face or iice ( the colourful part of the eye ) .
With the increase in the accuracy of senators and the ability to calculate the computers required for data analysis , these techniques become operational .
The precision of facial recognition has increased tenfold over the past five years , calmed Cyrillle Batller , the director of R &amp; D in Europe .
With our help , the UK and the Netherlands have deployed automatic border crossings using facial recognition .
It is now possible to identify a face or an iice on the move .
&apos;Today we are carrying out research into the recognition of the voice or the way to walk with noise captors , but we need a silent environment &apos; , indicating Sridhar Iyengar , the head of security research to Intel Labs .
A single and infallible issue , DNA also raises hopes and concerns .
&apos;At the present stage of knowledge , it can be regarded as the ultimate biometric data &apos; , confirms Sophi-Tulli-Taverard , Director of the studies , innovation and the prospective to CNIL .
But DNA analysis is still very long and costly .
EQA offers the judicial police services a value costing EUR 90,000 to analyse DNA samples in the place of a crime and in one hour .
Biometry uses are divided into two groups : identification ( recognition of one person among others ) and authentication ( ensuring that the person is the one it claims to be ) .
The identification hitherto concerned the issue of identity papers : the biometric data ( fingerprints , photograph , iis ) have to be confronted with the information that the state has on all the citizens already on board .
This makes it possible to ensure that someone does not try to usurp someone else &apos;s identity .
This principle of comparison may have other applications .
In this way , it is proposed that VIV be recognised as a hotel or shop .
&apos;We will take the pictures of the surveillance cameras and compare them with the photographs of celebrities circulating freely on the Internet &apos; , explains Dany Nasf , who is responsible , in NEC France , for commercial development for biometric identification solutions .
Another use : to take the photograph a queue that is queuing in a shop , to follow its progress through face recognition and to calculate the waiting time .
The authentication concerned physical access ( borders , protected premises , canteens ... ) or logic ( opening of a computer ) .
More recently , there has been control of attendance .
&apos;A biometrical string avoids the phenomenon of the copy that is pointing out for another &apos; , justifying Cyrrle Batller .
But , increasingly , authentication will also concern transactions , especially those made from connected devices to the Internet .
In Japan , it is already possible to take money away from certain distributors by introducing its card and by putting its hand on a biometric reader : this is replaces the secret code .
A similar technique is tested at Villent d &apos;Ascq and Angusasia by Natural Security Society in partnership with banks and large distribution teachers : when paying a shop with its banking card , the customer does not tap his code , but put his finger on a reader who scanns the calves .
The experiment is planned to last six months .
If it is successful , biometric readers could soon reach French retailers .
Plants to reassure users of users
There are three ways of making biometrics attractive to the general public .
The first is to explain that it can save time .
&apos;If , thanks to biometrics , a customer remains in the chair 30 seconds less , it is good &apos; , explains the director of a large area .
The second is to offer personalized services : in a few years &apos; time , a voice server will be able to recognise your voice and propose tailor-made options .
And , finally , reassuring by highlighting the precautions taken to protect databases .
&apos;fingerprints are stored on a first server ; people &apos;s identities are in a second base : the correlation between the two numbers is encrypted and stored in a highly secure box , which is blocked if attempts are made to move it &apos; , lists Philippe Robin , Thales .
But , without thorough studies , it is impossible to know whether these speeches really convince users .
Companies for the protection of privacy continue to worry .
&apos;The progress of Conditional recognition , the multiplication of surveillance cameras and the huge amount of photos available on Facebook , Flickr or Picasa , make me fear the worst : widespread surveillance &apos; , predicted by Andrew Patrick , of the Consumer Protection Commissioner in Canada .
A driver travelling at 210 km / h with a hot drink between the legs has been charged with 1 000 pounds .
A car was charged with a fine of £ 1 000 for driving at 210 km / h with a hot drink between his legs .
Andrew Howe , 35 years from Titree in Essex , was repented driving his Mercedes Benz on A120 to Baintree on 27 May .
When the police arrested him , they discovered the drink to be won between his legs .
In the Court of First Instance of Cochester , Howe admitted that conduct would be infringement without due care and attention .
The seven points removed from its permit led to a 6 months withdrawal .
Howe has also been condemned to pay costs amounting to GBP 90 and an extra tax for the victim of £ 100 .
A tax on foreign homeowners
The Treasury has provisionally quantified the capital gains tax measure , but awaiting a final decision by Mr Osborne , who , in the 2012 budget , has included a 7 % stamp right for properties costing more than GBP 2 and annual costs for buyers who choose to hold property in a company rather than individually .
Pheap law already applies to residential properties in the Westminster and Kensington &amp; Chella districts , and represents 708 M in the 2012 / 13 fiscal year , which exceeds the total amount of Northern Ireland , Wales , Scotland , north-east , northwest , and the Yorkshire and Humber region .
Mr Cook said : &apos; Following the increase in the right of stamp on high-value properties and the introduction of the anti-prevention law in this area , it is very difficult to argue that high value properties are under-taxed regardless of the effects of the obsolete residential tax system . &apos;
“ But this change could make foreign investors reluctant to buy properties in London or current owners who are reluctant to sell , ” he added .
Risk housing – the 5 to 10 % of the highest prices in the housing market – in the prosperous sector in the south-west of London that stretches from Fulham to Wimbedon , increased by a record figure of 11.8 % last year .
Prices in the centre of London grow regular growth year by 5.6 % , but have been overshadowed by a growing “ internal market , ” the southwest of the city , the north ( 7.4 % ) and the rest ( 6.5 % ) , according to Savills studies .
Scientists have just highlighted the way in which the queue movements of a dog are linked to its mood .
Previous studies had revealed that happy dogs were sending their queue to the right ( from the dog ’ s point of view ) , while nerve dogs took it further to the left .
But scientists now say that dogs can detect these subtle differences and respond .
Professor Georgio Vallortigara , a neuroscience at Trente University , said : “ Everyone knows that , in man , the left side and the right of the brain are involved in a different way in the stimuli that arouse positive or negative emotions . ”
Here we have tried to see what it was in other species .
He added that , as in man , in dogs the right of the brain is responsible for the movement to the left and vice versa , and that the two hemisphere played a different role in emotions .
To learn more about how dogs respond to other dogs ’ disorderly quay movements , researchers followed animals watching films where other dogs were .
They have measured the heart frequency of animals and analysed their behaviour .
It will certainly not take long before we understand why their queues sometimes go on one side and sometimes on the other .
Professor Vallortigara said : “ We have presented films with films from other dogs – either a naturalist version or a silver to avoid any other factors of confusion – and we have been able to tap the queue and present it as more to the left or right . ”
When the animals saw a dog without an expression of an expression to the right ( from the point of view of the dog flying the queue ) , they remained completely relaxed .
But when they have saturated a queue mainly to the left ( once again from the point of view of the dog flying the queue ) , their heart frequency accelerated and they were anxious .
Professor Vallortigara said that he did not think that dogs were deliberately communicating between them through these movements .
Instead , it believes that dogs know from experience the movements they should or should not worry about .
He added : &apos; If you meet with other dogs , and if you notice that , most of the time , the movement of their queues to one side is associated with a more friendly attitude and that the right side has a less friendly attitude , you will react to that experience . &apos;
Researchers indicate that the results could enable owners , veterinarians and dwellers to better understand the emotions of their animals .
The expert expert John Bradshaw , a professor at the University of Bristol University University , said that it was not the first study to examine the importance of the left and the right in the canine species .
Last year , a Lincoln University team discovered that dogs turned their heads to the left when they looked at an aggressive dog and the right when it was a joyful dog .
And , in another scientific study carried out by Victoria University in Canada , he said : “ dogs went more easily to a root dog when its queue wins to the left rather than to the right , instead of becoming anxious – the opposite of what appears in the Italian study . ”
He indicated that the differences could come from the fact that dogs who participated in the various studies did not entirely consider animals of films or robots like dogs .
A study on how dogs respond to real dogs could be useful , he explained .
“ Although many elements , found in different mammals , indicate that both sides of the brain are used for different purposes , many details still need to be clarified – and dogs are no exception , ” he said .
However , given the ease with which their behaviour can be registered , it will certainly not take long before we understand why their queues sometimes move on one side and sometimes on the other .
Artic Monkeys recouped a concert in Glasgow because of Alex Turner disease
The Artic Monkeys Group has postponed a concert in Glasgow after a lynch has been diagnosed with his singer .
The Shimld group had to take on Friday in the concert Hytio in the town city .
However , his lynch forced the singer Alex Turner to reprogramme the spectacle .
The announcement was made after the group was forced to postpone a concert to the LG Arena of Birmingham on Thursday .
In a statement on their official site , Artic Monkeys said : &apos; Following the decision to postpone the concert to Birmingham in Birmingham this evening and after requesting medical advice , Artic Monkeys must also postpone the spectacle to Glasgow de Glasgow on Friday 1 November . &apos;
&apos;Alex Turner suffers from a lynch and regrets that he cannot take place in concert &apos; .
The spectacle at LG Arena of Birmingham will take place on 20 November and the Hydroo de Glasgow will take place on 21 November .
All the tickets remain valid for these concerts .
We would like to apologise to all the ticket holders for any inconvenience .
Thank you for contacting the customer service to the ticket in which you bought your tickets for any additional aid .
The Pope François will name his first Cardins in February
The Pope François will appoint new Cardins of the Catholic Church for the first time on 22 February , announced the Vatican on Thursday .
Cardinins are the top church men in the Catholic Church behind the Pope , and those who elect it , so François will appoint his first group of men who will ultimately choose his successor .
At present , there is 201 Cardinaux .
However , as soon as a Cardinal reaches the age of 80 , he can no longer participate in the election of a Pope – that is a group of 120 “ voters . ”
In a statement announcing the news , Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said that a meeting of all the existing carddinans would be held before the ceremony , during which bishops will be raised to the dignity of Cardinal , known as conspiracy .
&apos;The Pope François has decided to communicate his decision to convene the February conspiracy in advance to facilitate planning for other meetings requiring the participation of cardinins in various parts of the world &apos; , said Lombardi .
Jack Villo of the Catholic Voes said that by February the number of voters in the street will probably have decreased .
He said that a Pope generally called as many cardinals as it was needed to ensure that the number of voters in the street is 120 and as many cardinans over 80 as he wanted .
The conspiracy of next year will be important because it will be the first since the election of the Pope François in March of this year .
At the moment , there is a kind of tendency to favour Europe , especially Italy .
“ It will be interesting to see whether the new Pope will name Cardins in the rest of the world to restore the balance , ” he added .
40 % of Roman Catholics live in South America , but a small number of cardinals represent them .
Cardinins will also be the first to be chosen since François formed the Cardinal Council , a group of eight Cardins from all over the world who are responsible for examining ways of reforming the church .
Previously , the Pope decided on everything alone .
“ Now , François chose these eight Cardins to help him , ” explained Villero .
He added that it was &apos; perfectly possible &apos; that François asked for advice .
But we have never experienced such a situation – it is completely new .
Valero pointed out that the Pope usually stores bishops representing large communities as a Cardinal , but that François was “ full of surprises , so we do not know who he will appoint . ”
GM recalls some of its new pickubps
General Motors Co recalls almost 19 000 of his new , Chevrolet Silverado , and GMC Sierra 2014 , to deal with a problem with petty issues , according to a Friday statement of the US body responsible for regulating vehicle safety .
On some pickwps , the seats before could present a default in the petty mechanism .
As a result , cases do not meet the federal safety standards of vehicles concerning e-support .
&apos;If the vehicle is permeated by the back door , it may well be that the headguard does not adequately protect passengers , thus increasing the risk of injury &apos; , according to the statement on the National Highway Traffic Safety ( NHTSA ) site .
The models mentioned were built between 1 August and 10 September .
The deployment of GM pickups began in June and represents the launch of the most important vehicles for the first American car manufacturer since its bankruptcy and restructuring in 2009 .
GM informed the owners of the default peak in the first half of October .
NHTSA was unable to examine the letter of information to the owners because of the 16 days of government activities , which slowed down the growth in vehicle sales in October .
The sales of pickumps Silverado and Sierra , which were redrawn for the 2014 model , increased by about 20 % in the first 10 months of the year , declared GM Friday .
In October , GM has sold 42 660 pickwps Silverado and 16 503 pickwps Sierra .
The price of GM actions rose by 1.4 % to $ 37.47 at the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon .
A worker dies in concrete blocks of concrete in concrete blocks of concrete .
A construction worker is killed in dozens of concrete blocks , on Thursday midday , in Montreal .
The tragedy took place at 11 a.m. on the Marquet street , close to the intersection on the Beaut street , in the round-up of Rosemont-La Peti-Patrie .
In all probability , work on foundations has been taking place there for some time .
A bitter wall of foundation had just been built in the last few days .
The accident occurred at a time when the victim had just arrived on the shipyard to recover its tools .
I was travelling by car and saw the wall collapsing with a large smoke cloud , said Sylvain Jean , who remains close to the shipyard .
I am landed and I went to remove the big bricks that would recover it .
There was only one side of his back , that is so unfortunate .
According to the authorities , the victim is an elderly man in the fifties who worked for a pig company .
Estimates of reanimation were tried by emergency services , but without success .
The man has not survived his serious injuries .
A Commission health and safety inspector has been sent to the scene to investigate the circumstances surrounding this tragedy .
Obama \ u0027s voter of desperation
I voted twice for President Obama - believe in the possibility of a change in change .
He says that Obama has made laudable efforts by the Republican Party ’ s obstructionism .
Obstructionism does not excuse the difficulties of the Obamacare site or attacks on drones
The memory of Obama ’ s 2008 campaign is a sad reminder of what could have happened .
Naathel P. Morris is student in the 2th year of medical medicine at Harvard .
I am reading a painfully sad book in recent days .
It was a book which , I thought , would encourage me during the sham of the 2th year of medicine and restore hope .
It is called the Auto to Win , and it is the memoirs of Barack Obama ’ s presidential campaign of 2008 .
When I finish the medical records of my patients in the evening and myself , this book won me at the time when politics inspired millions of people and the speeches could cut you off .
The election ended with an overwhelming victory , and present-day newspapers took time to reflect on the historical nature of the moment .
My comrades were happy and my parents kept all the newspapers they found .
A young team of visionaries went to the White House and the nation was ready for change .
During Obama ’ s transition period before he took office in 2008 , he had 82 % favorable opinions .
And then I close the book .
Returning to the present is a difficult awakening . It is like getting out of a dream .
It is difficult to remember these days of optimism , as distant memories , a sad reminder of the opportunities of the past .
The change has actually occurred in the years following the first time I voted .
That had nothing to do with what I had imagined .
I put great achievements to Obama from the passage of the Affordable Care Act to the departure of Iraq from our army to the end of the &apos; neither seen nor known &apos; and the assassination of Osama bin Laden .
Furthermore , I believe that partisan obstructionism has destroyed too many efforts to move our nation forward in the field of immigration reforms , public health care and the closure of Guantánamo , among other things .
But , having repeatedly defended Obama ’ s administration against my peers and my colleagues , I am unable to provide explanations .
I am on the verge of political despair .
The Republican obstruction cannot explain the foreign leaders ’ attachment , or the attacks of innocent foreign children by drones .
It cannot explain that the National Security Agency is collecting data on the privacy of the Americans , nor the indictment of whistleblowers who reveal the wrongdoing of the government .
It cannot justify the murder of Anwar al-Awlaki , an American citizen , without trial , or the evasion of public funding and the overspending of authorised expenditure during presidential campaigns .
It cannot justify the conclusions of a report which says that the efforts of the White House to silence the media are the &apos; most aggressive ... since Nixon &apos;s administration &apos; .
And , more recently , it cannot excuse the failure to design a simple website for more than three years after the Affordable Care Act has been ratified .
I do not know if that is what I expected .
If , at 18 years , I was supposed to understand that governance could contradict the political campaigns that preceded it .
Of course , the electoral function is not predictable , because the opposition political party and the events that occur by chance , such as the Newton massacre , are influencing our public conversation .
However , all the examples I listed above seem to be largely the choice of administration .
That is what disturbs me most .
I voted again for Obama in 2012 , but not because I was enthusiastic about his candidacy .
Mitt Romney had a confused and unrefined alternative , which did not seem to be able to determine his policies or positions .
I believed that Obama , elected for a second term by being freed from the pressure of future elections , would deliver the promises that we had been talking about for so long .
Yet , while the favorable opinion index has fallen below 45 % this week , it is even more difficult to return to 2008 through this book .
I am sorry about the many promises that have been made .
This week I read the part of the book that describes how Obama suffered huge losses to Clinton in the Pennsylvania Primayors .
At a post-campaign meeting , he told his team that they had to get back on the right track and remain faithful to their cause .
&apos;I want us to focus on our talent &apos; .
We have to remember who we are .
We are five years later , Mr President , and I do not agree with you .
The views expressed in this comment are only those of Naathel Morris .
On Friday , at 3 p.m. , a violent collision between a moto and a car took place in Restélne in Fereron .
The mover , Jonathan , 26 years from Fléon , was no caster .
Despite rapid relief intervention , he died in this frontal collision .
Clive Palmer claims that Mr Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over the parental leave system .
The billionaire MEP Clive Palmer argues that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over the parental leave system because his girls could be pregnant and benefit from this system .
The mining magnet , which contests the payment of a carbon tax of an amount of USD 6 , has made this argument in order to try to remove questions about a possible conflict .
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate , which could be crucial when deciding whether carbon and mineral taxes should be abolished .
But Mr Palmer said that only ministers could have a conflict of interest and said that Mr Abbott &apos;s girls were prepared to benefit personally from these policies .
&quot; It will have an important conflict of interest when it comes to paying parental leave , because if one of his daughters is pregnant , he will have a direct interest in whether or not she gets leave &quot; .
Two months after its election , the electoral commission officially declared that Mr Palmer won the seat of Sunshine Coast of Faifax by 53 votes after recounting .
Mr Palmer has put forward the idea of a reshuffle of votes to speed up the process .
The girls of Tony Abbott , Frees and Bridglet .
Should this election be decided two months after the vote is over ?
“ We need a better system , ” he said .
Why could we not have a system in which you can enter , use your co-ordination in a computer , vote immediately and have the result at 6.30 p.m. the next morning ?
Mr Palmer has also criticised the use of paper paper to mark the ballot papers .
Is it to be able to erase the result if someone does not agree ?
Today , having a paper paper seems extraordinary .
The Electoral Commission has studied possible options for electronic voting and recently published a joint discussion paper with New Zealand .
Mr Palmer , 59 years , said that his political project included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and that he would take his new role &apos; very seriously &apos; .
The exercise of public functions is a public service issue .
“ We are not seeking a reward , except the reward for history , because we must serve the community at a critical moment , ” he added .
A team of biologists led by the Wildlife Corporation Society in New York has identified a new species of dust dolphin off Australia &apos;s northern coast .
Thybaux , responsible for a scientific mission to the Monitoring Centre for the Conservation and Ataless of Amills and Mlocks Marins ( OCEMMM ) is for the Express on this discovery and explains the long process of identifying new species .
Is the discovery of this new type of dust dolphin surprising ?
That is good news , but I am not particularly surprised .
If , in the past , species have been described and identified on morphological , anatomic and geographical grounds , today the development of new tools such as genetics enables us to improve our knowledge of species classification science .
Moreover , it is not possible for this progress in genetic engineering and molecular biology to call into question the classification or membership of a species , a family or even an order .
At the beginning of the nineteenth century , morhoologists classified animals , based on the morphological differences between species .
Today , some of these rankings are being called into question as a result of genetic progress .
Similarly , two species very close to morphologically have been distinguished from genetic engineering .
This is the case with the new species that has just been identified .
Ten years ago , the scientific community recognised two species belonging to this sub-family : the Pacific dolphins and the Atlantic whales in the Atlantic .
The recent analyses have made it possible to distinguish between four species .
Why is this a discovery of importance , as the Wildlife Conservation Society has said ?
From a conservation point of view , it is essential to know these genetic differences in order to protect species and thus its genetic variability .
If this population had already been known for a long time by researchers , they did not know that it was part of a new species , only in that place .
Therefore , if a massive death problem caused by a viral epidemic or accidental catch occurs in the region , we could be dealing with the extinction of a species , rather than a local disappearance of a population of a wider species on Earth .
This loss of genetic heritage would be much more problematic .
A species is considered threatened or endangered according to the number of people existing on earth , that is , the stock , and the possibility that it may recover from neighbouring stocks .
With regard to the Skinchy species , whose population of the new species is out , its stock has automatically become weaker , making it more vulnerable .
Why is it rare to discover new marine mammals ?
Marine mammals are located at the top of the food chain .
They live in homogenous , open habitats , where there are many genetic exchanges between people and individuals .
This genes of genes limit the creation of new species .
By contrast , more closed ecosystems promote genetic isolation , which may eventually lead to the creation of new species .
The marine environment is the least well known environment .
We prefer to send robots to Mars , to know what lives in the Mariannes foe , just 11 kilometres from the surface of the sea .
More money is spent on the search for life on other planets than in marine research , and it is high time that this changed .
RBS suspended two traders on the exchange market
Royal Bank of Scotland suspended two traders from its exchange market division according to two sources close to the dossier , which shows once again that the global survey of the suspicions of currency manipulation is beginning to bear fruit .
Some of the world ’ s largest banks , including UBS , Barclays , Deutsche Bank and RBS , have confirmed that they cooperate with regulators in the world ’ s largest financial market surveys , where USD 5.3 trillion is changing every day .
The two traders are the first employees of RBS to be suspended in the context of the enlargement of the investigation which reflects the scandal of the manipulation of the Libor interbank rate .
The bank , which refused to comment on suspensions , confirmed this month received requests for information from regulators .
&apos;The ongoing investigation into this case is continuing and we are cooperating fully with the FF and other regulators &apos; , and declared a representative of the bank two weeks ago .
Last month , sources close to the dossier declared that RBS had passed on files and instantaneous messages , sent to and by a former trader , the British regulator , the Financial Conferences Authority .
The trader , Richard Usher , left RBS in 2010 , and would have been suspended from his post as a European Securities and Explate Tate in JPMorgan .
Rohan Ramchandani , who is a European exchange-rate trading officer in Cuti , was left to leave this week , while Mat Gardiner , Barclays , and UBS , was suspended by Standard Chartered this week .
None of these traders has been subjected to charges .
Mr Usher &apos;s dossier included instant messages sent to and by bankers working in Barclays and Citigroup , adding sources close to the dossier .
UBS explained this week that it had taken action against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator , Finma , declared that he was investigating suspicions of currency manipulation in a number of Swiss banks .
In the world , at least six authorities – the European Commission , Finma , the Swiss competition authority Wko , the FF , the US Justice Department , and Hong Kong ’ s Monetary Authority – look at the allegations about bankers who would have been agreed to manipulate rates on the exchange market .
HSBC , Citigroup , JPMorgan , and Cédis Switzerland have also launched internal investigations or received requests for information from regulators .
Banks pumble instant messages and emails that have been sent for years to find cases of reprehensible acts .
The news about these investigations has shaken traders in a sector that has been one of the biggest growth engines of investment banks in recent years , but which has been challenged this year because of low currency volatility that restricts the opportunities for speculators .
Some bankers tried to minimize the case by saying that it is almost impossible to manipulate the vast liquid exchange market , but senior traders explain that this is not necessarily true .
A senior trader said that , despite the high volume of daily exchange transactions , the fragmentation of liquidity between trading platforms and the increasingly frequent use of banks in their own internal platforms “ explains that it is possible to start having an impact on the market at low cost . ”
The news came on the very day that Créit Switzerland announced that he had sent a trader to the London Stock Exchange this week after it caused a loss of $ 6 .
The bank quickly informed the competent authorities and cooperated with regulators .
&apos;We are convinced that the trader has acted alone and that the case has been controlled &apos; , indicated a representative of Créit Switzerland .
The investigation into Mayor Rob Ford was bottled .
After the police had confirmed that they had set their hands on a video of the video that would show Rob Ford smommant of the Cick , Mae Clayton Ruby supported never having seen such a botched investigation .
Re Ruby said in La Presse Canadian that the police had &quot; ignored or minimized &quot; the evidence against the mayor .
On Thursday , the police arrested the occasional friend and driver of Rob Ford , Alexander Lisi , who was 35 years old , and accused him of extortion in relation to video .
Alexander Lisi , previously accused of drug trafficking , was in frequent contact with the mayor .
The police have said that they have also observed this man issuing parcels in Rob Ford , indicating new court documents .
Mr Ruby has described the fact that the police have never searched the vehicle of Rob Ford or his home , or are listening to his phone , arguing that the police chief Bill Blair has chosen to be informed of not acting against the mayor .
Under the law , the police , having witnessed suspicious transactions in their own hands , could have intercepted Rob Ford &apos;s vehicle , arrest the mayor , and carry out a raid - even without a mandate .
It could also have called for an instant search warrant , which was deemed necessary .
The police chief did not comment , but his spokesperson Mark Pash described the words of Me Ruby as &apos; obvious and desperate attempt &apos; to assert himself to the media in a case that does not concern him in any way .
At the press conference on Thursday , Mr Blair said that there was nothing in this video which could be &apos; reasonable grounds &apos; which could lead to a criminal accusation against the mayor .
Europe ’ s Lessons in mid-session , except London , except London
With the exception of London , Europe ’ s major stock markets are falling on Friday at mid-sitting , plagued by some news of disappointing companies , while Wall-Street is expected to rise .
On the other hand , investors remain cautious because they believe that the US Federal Reserve could unravel its policy of quantitative easing earlier than expected .
By contrast , after the announcement of inflation at 0.7 % for the eurozone as a whole , the idea is spreading among market participants that the European Central Bank ( ECB ) could relax its monetary policy .
The future of Wall Street suggests that America ’ s rising actions will be opened , after two consecutive meetings .
To values , Renault ( 4.63 % ) has the strongest retreat from CAC 40 , overshadowed by his partner Nissan Motor &apos;s warning on Friday .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( -6.26 % ) marks the worst performance of the EuroFirst300 , after having also published downwards results this morning and announced the internal creation of a “ bask bank ” ( “ bask bank ” ) , containing 38 billion risky assets .
For its part , Vodonona ( + 2.45 % ) remains at the top of the EuroFirst300 increases in response to press news that AT &amp; T is investigating possible takeover bids .
In the exchange market , speculation about the evolution of the ECB &apos;s monetary policy is going well , as John Hardy has shown , a string in Saxo Bank .
The ECB ’ s unique mandate has always focused on inflation , so Mario Draghi and his team have more reason to act at next week ’ s meeting .
We are anticipating a strong potential for the euro to fall .
In this context , the euro is continuing to retreat against the US currency and has hit a lower two weeks at $ 1.3517 .
On the contrary , these same conjectures support the eurozone bond market .
Obama \ u0027s Health Challenge Act
Great victory for the Obama administration : the US Supreme Court has now declared that Obama ’ s health-care health-care law has been constitutional .
By 5 votes to 4 , judges validated the individual mandate of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act – which requires citizens to sign health insurance by 2014 , otherwise they have to pay a fine – and have declared that it is constitutional under government power .
Supreme Court President John Roberts has joined the four most liberal members of the Court , while the judges Scilia , Thomas , Alito and Kennedy have expressed their disagreement .
The Court has also validated other sections of the law of 2 700 pages and has , moreover , considered that the provision of the health system reform law , which states that the eligibility threshold should be lowered in Medicaid , otherwise all federal funding of the programme should be lost , was coercive in accordance with the constitution .
The procedure to block the law has been initiated by 26 states and the National Federation of Independent Business .
All the major Republican candidates in the presidential election in the first place in 2012 , including the nominee Mitt Romney , have fiercely opposed the law .
paying tribute to the former combatants in Menon
At the heart of the cemetery in the Trabuquet , civil , religious and military authorities , as well as many patriotic associations , this Friday afternoon , paid tribute to the soldiers and deed of all wars .
Forbes have been lodged in two of the three military cats of the cemetery by Mayor Jean-Claude Guibal and various personalities .
Introducing Palestinians
Four Hamas fighters were killed and five Israeli soldiers injured on Thursday 31 October 2013 in the evening in a brutal violent attack on the Gaza border and Israel , the most serious incident in Palestinian territory for a year .
The only power station in the Gaza Strip stopped operating on Friday 1 November following a depletion of its fuel stocks , announced the Energy Authority of the Palestinian enclave .
A local commander of the Ezzeddin Alassam Brigades , Khaled Abu Bakr , and another framework of the Hamas armed branch , Rabih Barikeh , were killed by a shar shells in an Israeli army incursion to Khan Younes in southern Gaza , according to local medical sources .
Two other local officials in the Almam Brigades , Mohammed al-Qassas and Mohammed Daud , were killed when an Israeli helicopter opened fire in the same region .
Their bodies were discovered later on .
According to Palestinian security sources , the four combatants were conducting a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian enclave and Israel .
An attack on a tunnel
According to the same sources and witnesses , an Israeli tank and a bulldozer bulldozer have carried out an incursion of 100 metres within the territory before then withdrawing .
The confrontation has lasted half an hour , according to witnesses .
In a communiqué , a Hamas spokesman , Sami Abu Zouhari , paid tribute to the four &apos; heroes &apos; and said that Israeli soldiers had died during confrontation .
Hamas congratulates the heroes of Alassam who fell by defending the territory in an incursion by the Zionist occupier in Khan Younes .
Several enemies were killed and injured during the operation .
&apos;Hamas ensures that Gaza will be a hell for the occupier &apos; , threatened the spokesman .
For its part , the Israeli army has indicated that the target of its operation was initially a section of a large tunnel that has been stretched into Israeli territory since the Palestinian enclave , discovered on 7 October and which , according to the army , is intended to &apos; terrorist activities &apos; .
Hamas has claimed the use of tunnels to fight Israel , stating that the aim was to abduct Israeli soldiers to exchange them against Palestinian prisoners .
The operation was intended to prevent future terrorist attacks using this tunnel , explained an Israeli military release .
During the operation , Hamas unleashed an explosive entanglehold aimed at the TSaahal forces ( the Israeli army ) and injured 5 soldiers .
Israeli Attacks in northern Syria
&apos;This mission was imperative because of the risk of using the terrorist tunnel for attacks on Israeli civilians &apos; , and also indicated the spokesman of the army Peter Lerner .
Moreover , Israel has struck an air military base in northwest Syria , aimed at a shipment of missiles for the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah , reported on Thursday 31 October the Al-Arabiya satellite channel .
An American official confirmed an &apos; Israeli strike &apos; but did not give details of the target .
&apos;In the past , the targets have been missiles transferred to Hezbollah &apos; , just adding to it .
Israeli government officials have refused to confirm any information about such an attack .
With the “ exclusive sources ” that it has not named , the Saudi capital chain has indicated that &apos; the bombing has targeted a shipment of air missiles for Hezbollah in Lebanon &apos; , referring to the powerful Lebanese Shiite movement fighting the rebels alongside the Syrian forces .
Earlier , an Syrian NGO , the Syrian Human Rights Observatory , reported several explosions that were heard on Wednesday at the dawn in an air defence base at Sonar Jabé , near Lattrié , on the Syrian coast .
This organisation based on a network of activists and medical sources had not been able to identify the origin of explosions .
Dear in black and white for Marie Choulinard , who is presenting Danse Danes his two new group chorus : the first inspired by Henri Michael &apos;s greed and poems , the second impulsed by the famous soano Gymnoperes of Saot .
One evening to see the whole prism of Choulinard , art at the tip and black black .
A white screen is used as a fundamental wall .
On the carpet , so white , in the vast space of the Thear Mond , moving forward , profile , end like a black line and clothes , a body .
On the screen , a ink of Henri Michael is planned .
The body , which is simple , takes its form .
And this form will be the whole story : a boy of physical imitations .
The dssers , who are fully clothes of black , only their hands and discernible face , are waiting on each side of the game , rushing when the next population appears , embodies it .
The black and white game of Henri Michael is being carried out with sobers , in unison of unison ( a mass that is doing a disservice ) , in a large group of twelve solos .
We think of the &apos; Glory of morning &apos; , where Chouinard was carrying out a series of written chorus duties on cartels , put online at the forefront .
This is the same principle , the giant PowerPoint version .
Here , music is strong , pervasive and electric .
Energy is high , the pace is always fast .
There will be a stranglehold when Carol Prier will take refuge under the dance carpet , to hand over , microphone in hand , without sober or restraint , a part of Michael , monotorde , and monotone in screen , and will continue with dance .
And music to leave , and the sequence to resume .
This sound and energetic discharge , long , if that is possible , eventually ends up falling apart .
As is also the regularity of the visual rate .
There are a few fine snails - the creation of images has always been a force in Chouinard - such as those hair hair , which is getting bogged down or those black tissues that extend the lines .
But the chorus approach lacks composition .
We have the impression that the chorus , instead of going to Michael &apos;s work , has imposed itself , with its sons .
As a result , the bodies appear to be at the front .
Michael &apos;s crass , like Gestalt forms , opens up a wider and more gigantic imaginary than dance , more pious .
Only the end , in negative terms , with his danters minced with glossoopic light and white signs in a sudden black theatre , touches the magic .
The public loved , the reception was warm .
The Gymnies , after the interplay , are richer .
The scene is partly empty , the danters and a piano are covered by tissues , such as furniture in a neglected house .
To the piano , dssers were relegated to play the game .
Their mismatches in music , touching , give real fragility .
On the scene , we spend couples , very sensibly , very sensibly , even erosion .
As a group of groups , small solos of transitions , which move , shocking , writing is less binary .
There are butchers , as well as Chouinard , singing the red nose , in highly polarized male women .
The amails are carnaters , fleeing or players .
Successness , lips and shouting transmit the archaic , grace and ridiculous bodies in cot .
But the coin takes its real flight after salvation .
There is a cat on the scene when the public leaves out .
There is everything to be allowed : the fourth wall falls , the unexploded universe is superseded , the bovine dssors , the spectators , glossor , smoke , sleepwalks , and so on .
It is joy and madness , and it is the art of Chouinard , to contaminate the public .
Google , Samsung and Huawei are the subject of criminal prosecution
The group which has thousands of former patents in Nortel has begun an avalanche of legal proceedings on patents on Thursday against mobile phone manufacturers , including Google , the company that it hijacked at the height of the patent auction which took place after the collapse of the Nortel .
Rokstar , the consortium that acquired the Nortel patents for $ 4.5 Md , lodged a complaint against Samsung Electronic Co Ltd , HTC Corp , Huawei , and four other companies for patent infringement before the US Court of Auditors in Texas .
Rokstar is held jointly by Apple , Microsoft , Blackberry , Ericsson and Sony .
Google is accused of having violated seven patents .
Patents contain technologies that make it possible to display advertising in connection with research on the Internet , and have indicated the outcome of the trial , which is the core of Google .
It was not possible to join the representatives of Samsung , Huawei , HTC and Rokstar .
Samsung , Huawei and HTC manufacture telephones operating under the Androd operating system of Google , which provides fierce competition to both mobile and Microsoft mobile products .
In 2011 , Google made an initial offer of $ 900 for the patents of Nortel .
Google has increased its offer several times , finally proposing $ 4.4 trillion .
Having lost the Nortel patents in the face of Rokstar , Google later acquired Motorola Mobiary for $ 12.5 trillion , a market partly based on Motorola ’ s patent library .
“ Although it failed in its attempt to acquire the patents at the auction , Google violated and continues to violate so-called patents , ” indicated the outcome of the trial .
Rokstar calls for greater damages against Google , because he claims that the violation of Google &apos;s patents is stubborn , according to the complainant .
Explosion from a house to Gesves : a defective water that caused the explosion of the explosion
The grandmother would have fired a cigarette during a gas leak .
The explosion of a house in Gesves , which caused two serious injuries Friday morning , a grandmother of 52 years and his 5 year-old grandson , is due to a gas leakage from a defective heater , indicated on Friday evening the replacement of the Roi prosecutor .
The public prosecutor &apos;s expert ensures that the origin of the explosion is purely accidental .
The grandmother turned a cigarette when there was a leakage and accumulation of gas .
The vital prognosis of the two victims is still committed .
The grandmother was projected by the explosion and is soaring .
The small boy , who sat at his grandfather and his companions , was on his side and was burned slightly .
&apos;The two victims were intubbed and long conditioned on the spot before being taken to the Cory de Liège , she was ambulance , ambulance &apos; , he said the quagmire José Paulet , who took the place .
The grandfather was on the floor at the time of the explosion .
Seen and except , he was able to join the rhythm by the stability--while the back wall of the house was completely destroyed .
The grandfather and the tenant of the neighbor house , weakened by the explosion , have been relayed by the Chairman of the CAPAS .
The firemen of Andean and Namur and the Armed police intervened .
The civil protection of Crisu has stabilised both buildings .
Egypt is asking for the first freely elected president to pay lip service to sworn rath .
Mohamed Morsi lent his inauguration , but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark the end of political conflicts in Egypt .
The Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised the emergence of a “ new Egypt ” when he lent the presidency to the presidency , thus becoming the first freely elected president and successor to Hosni Mubarak who was driven out of power 16 months earlier .
In his inauguration before the High Constitutional Court , Mr Morsi has also become the first freely elected Islamist president of the Arab world and Egypt ’ s fifth Head of State since the monarchy was overthrown 60 years ago .
He paid lip service to the 18 judges in the Court ’ s black boy , whose building on the Nile was built to look like an Egyptian temple .
“ We aspire to a better day , a new Egypt and a second republic , ” President Morsi said during the formal ceremony broadcast directly on public television .
“ Today , the Egyptian people have laid the foundations for a new life – absolute freedom , true democracy , and stability , ” explained Mr Morsi , a 60 year-old engineer in the United States , from the Muslim Brotherhood , a fundamentalist group viewed for more than 84 years since his training as an illegal organisation and hard-pressed by successive governments .
Hundreds of soldiers and police kept the building when Mr Morsi arrived shortly after 11 hours , a local hour , followed by a small convoy .
Only a few hundred fans had gathered before the Court to cheat the new president and , departing from the presidential presidency of the Mubarak years , the movement was only briefly interrupted to allow the passage from his convoy to the very crowded streets linking the centre-city to the southern suburbs .
As the Muslim Brotherhood ’ s uncharismatic “ relief wheel , ” its personal prestige has strengthened considerably since its victory and Friday ’ s speech in which he tried to present himself as the candidate not only of Islamists but of all those who want to end the work begun during the 2011 uprising against President Mubarak ’ s authoritarian president .
&apos;Egypt is now a civil , national , constitutional and modern state &apos; , and has declared Mohamed Morsi , in blue costum and a red crat , addressing the judges in the orbit of rubbish in which he sits .
Later , Mr Morsi went to the University of Cairo where he made his inaugural speech .
He was officially greeted by a military fanfare who played the national anthem when he went to the garden .
The Marshal Hussein Tantai attended the ceremony .
When he arrived , he was greeted by the &apos; people and the army , hand in hand ... &apos; endured by thousands of people gathered in the great University of the university .
Based in 1908 and the former bastion of secular education , Cairo ’ s University later became a tief of Islamist students ’ groups in the 1970 ’ s .
Mr Morsi made a symbolic symbolism on Friday in Tahrir Square , from which the uprising that ended Mubarak ’ s authoritarian regime last year , and ordered to recover the presidential powers of which the military council , which replaced the former president who had been thrown out , was dispossessed .
But by agreeing to formally lend to the Court , rather than to Parliament as it is customary , it stands in the way of the army ’ s will by showing that the struggle for power is not over .
Mr Morsi &apos;s speech on Tahrir Square has been accompanied by spectacular populist gestures .
The United States ’ shutdown slowed down the car market increase
The closure for 16 days of most federal administrations weighed on the growth in car sales in the US in October , showing the figures published on Friday by the manufacturers , five of the six main performing performance .
The three major Detroit manufacturers have double-digit growth compared to October 2012 , but only General Motors has done better than expected .
Analysts anticipated an average of 15.4 million sales in annualized rhythm and corrected seasonal variations , but the market was set at 15.3 million according to the estimates of the Morgan Stanley analysts , Adam Stanley .
In a note to the bank &apos;s clients , he believes that this slight brake is primarily due to the &apos; government shutdown and its impact on the feeling of the consumer in the first half of the month &apos; .
GM , however , has reported that nearly 16 % of its sales last month increase to 226 4002 vehicles , compared to 211 563 , expected by the consensus .
The four brands of the group have seen their trade performance improved compared to October 2012 .
Ford , which continues to benefit from the success of its peak peak , has seen its sales move from 14 % over a year to 191 985 vehicles , while the consensus expected 194 301 .
For its part , Chrysler , controlled by Fiat , has announced a 11 % increase in its sales to 140 083 vehicles , compared to 143 536 .
Toyota and Nissan also display sales below the consensus , despite increases over a year of 8.8 % and 14.2 % respectively .
At the New York Stock Exchange , GM action was 1.4 % at 16.35 GMT , while Ford gave up 1.1 % .
Sound on the stock market by Nissan &apos;s warning
Renault accuses Friday of the biggest drop in the SBF 120 index in Paris after its partner Nissan Motor announced that he had reduced his annual net profit forecast by almost 20 % .
Nissan , who had to carry out such a review , also announced his direction .
Several traders reported that the Renault action was affected this morning by &apos; learning &apos; .
&apos;It is clearly the early learning of Nissan &apos; , a person who is responsible for trading an Paris broker .
Under the Renault-Nissan alliance , Renault holds 43.4 % of Nissan ’ s capital and the Japanese manufacturer 15 % of the French , according to Nissan ’ s website .
Greece : Two deaths in a shooting of a neo-Nazi party
Two people were killed , and another was seriously injured on Friday night by shooting two people on board a moon who was going through a local , neo-Nazi Abe party in the western suburbs of Athens , and was learned from police sources .
The police were unable to provide information on the identity of the victims and their possible political affiliation .
Some Greek media reported that members of Golden Dawn had argued that the victims were local guards .
The injured person was immediately hospitalised , according to the same source .
Police officers in the anti-terrorist service have moved on the central line of the suburbs of the suburbs of Iraq , where the incident took place and ended the neighbourhood .
The incident comes a few weeks after the indictment of six members of Aube , including the party leader and founder of the party , to participate in &apos; a criminal organisation &apos; in an offensive against this party launched after the death of an anti-fascist musician by one of his members .
Scott Brown ’ s Scall Sappeal
Scott Brown , the captain of Celticc Glasgow , has seen his appeal rejected and will be well suspended for the next two League Champions League matches against Ajax and AAC Milan .
Expulsed against Barça for addressing Nymar , the Scottish environment saw its suspension extended to three meetings by UEFA .
In a communiqué his club said &apos; very disappointed &apos; , believing his appeal was entirely justified .
Almost 50 000 homes are deprived of electricity throughout the province , shortly after midday Friday , due to the violent winds affecting many regions along the St Laurent River .
The sectors most affected are the Laurentides , with 15 042 subscribers plunged into the black , the Montegoverne , with 13 464 and the UTaliban with 8642 .
The large region in Montreal also has a number of placards with almost 7,000 private households in the metropola and Laval .
You thought that travel agencies were in the past because of the Internet ?
Floods seem to reverse the trend .
Society has revised its net profits forecasts and hopes for record results through the holidayers of Australia and the UK .
The travel agency now expects to achieve an underlying benefit over the entire exercise between 325 and 340 dollars before taxes , against a previous forecast of 305 to $ 315 .
If current forecasts are achieved , it will represent 12 to 17 % growth compared to the record benefit of $ 290.4 in 2011 / 12 .
The Director-General , Graham Turner , said that Fliham Centre had achieved 8 % of profits in the first half of the year and that the second half had started in force , particularly as regards travel other than business travel in Australia and the UK .
&apos;Since the beginning of the year , the 10 countries in which we are present are profitable , and several of them are on the right track to achieve record results over the whole exercise before deducting interest and taxes &apos; .
This concerns Australia and the United Kingdom , which are usually the countries that generate the greatest profits .
In Australia , the recreational travel sector has returned in the second half of the year , which has made it possible to compensate for a small domestic market in business travel .
Similarly , in the United Kingdom , the Flihat leisure sector has produced good results , while business customers have spent less .
Its subsidiary in the United States recovered its losses in the first half of the year in which seasonal demand is lower and had to benefit from the whole exercise for the third consecutive time .
The Flight Centre ’ s actions increased by 3 cents to $ 38.20 yesterday .
Individuals draw on a hotel near the Cairo pyramid pyramid
Unfamiliar unknown unknown conditions opened the fire this Friday on a hotel close to the Cairo pyramid in Egypt without making victims , as a result of an apparent dispute with redundant workers .
The attackers took the flight , specified the spokesman of the Interior Ministry , the police General Abdel Lative .
This attack comes at a time when Egypt has hardly received any tourists since the army deposed the Islamist President Mohamed Morsi early July and has been putting his supporters in the bloodshed in blood .
Schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics , spelling , and grammar .
In English literature courses , pupils will have to study at least one piece of Shakespeare , a nineteenth-century novel , a romantic poem , and a modern British fiction of 1914 today .
The examination will also present &apos; new texts &apos; to encourage a more diverse reading .
A course that combines literature and English language will be removed .
From 2015 onwards , pupils will have to pass an independent language GCSE and will be strongly encouraged to choose a separate qualification in English literature .
The Ministry of Education must publish its new English and Maths programmes tomorrow – the first materials to undergo radical revision .
It will make changes in other fundamental matters next year .
On the other hand , Oftal , the regulatory Office of the examinations , will reveal a review of the structure of the GCSE , with a new rating system and less .
Speaking during the summer , Michael Goeve , the Education Minister , said that there was a &apos; broad consensus on the need to reform our system of examinations to restore public confidence &apos; , stressing that the GCSE would be &apos; more stimulating , more ambitious and more rigorous &apos; .
Studies show that English schools spend less time on maths ( 116 hours a year , 3 hours a week during the school year ) than most other countries .
By contrast , Australian schools offer an average of 143 hours per year , and the Singapore pupils make about 138 hours .
Although there is no formal obligation to spend more hours of time on maths , sources close to the coalition government have indicated that the GCSE of deep maths – as well as the greater emphasis on materials in international rankings – would probably encourage schools to provide more hours .
The programme will focus more on the “ real world problems , ” including financial mathematics .
This judgment means that a piece of legislation adopted in July in that state and seriously questioning the right to abortion will be able to enter into force .
A octogenaire hosts children with a gun in Mary for Hallween .
Sminors aged 9 and 13 were at the door to call for sweets in Hallween evening .
One of the vicinity of the child &apos;s part of the Muy , which was visited by children , opened the door by holding its hunt .
The old man , 86 years old , explained to the police that he had been afraid .
His weapon has been seized on .
The former Gestato leader in a Jewish cemetery
Müller , who disappeared at the end of the Second World War and never found his trace , was in fact buried in a common grave of a Jewish cemetery in Berlin , affirming the leader of the German resistance Memorial , Professor Johannes Tuchhel , in Bild .
Müller did not survive the end of the war .
&quot; His body was buried in 1945 in a common festival of the Jewish cemetery in Berlin-Mitte &quot; , he insured on a daily basis by relying on archive documents .
This revelation , 68 years after the end of Adolf Hitler ’ s Nazi regime , would respond to one of the Great War ’ s great insights .
The German secret services , the BND , ensured that during the summer of 1949 , Müller was in Karlovy Vary , then in Czechoslovakia , according to a document obtained by Bild .
The secret services were completely wrong .
&apos;In August 1945 , the body of Müller was found in a provisional grave near the former Ministry of Reich in Reich &apos; , according to Mr Tuchel .
He was &apos; a uniform of general &apos; .
&apos;In the left domestic pocket was his service states with a photo &apos; .
Bild also publishes a document from the ring-fencing town in the Mitte district in Berlin that was buried in the Jewish cemetery in the district .
The President of the Central Council of the Jews of Germany , Diter Grauaumann , was shocked by this revelation .
If one of the most brutal Nazi sades is buried in a Jewish cemetery , it is a huge taste of bad taste .
&apos;The memory of the victims is grossly rife &apos; .
Heinrich Müller is one of the important figures in the Third Reich who have never been captured .
It took part in the Wannee Conference in January 1942 , which decided on the &apos; final solution &apos; and , in particular , under its orders Adolf Eichmann , responsible for the &apos; logistics &apos; of the extermination of Jews , sentenced to death and executed in Israel in 1962 .
Pamela Anderson cut his emblematic shades and takes a spectacular cut .
Pamela ’ s bounds have become notorious thanks to his role in the Sexly Alerte television series in Munu .
Paamela Anderson is the last cheat to shock his fans with a spectacular new hairdressant .
Alerte ’ s old joke in Miliu let his long hair hair drowned against a sine hammer .
The 46 year-old player unveiled his new book when she was walking in L.A. Wednesday and shared a photograph on his Twitter page .
This is the first time in 20 years that beautiful blunders are being cut off , and we are fond of discreet change .
What do you think about Pammeny &apos;s hairdressing ?
Tell us what you think in the comments .
He works in the bottle , the jungle and flow from rivers to provide free medical assistance .
Dr Georges Bowle exemplifies free health care in Cameroon villages
Dr Bowle and his team spend almost every weekend seeing hundreds of patients .
There are not many doctors in this West African country , just 1 for 5 000 inhabitants .
Vote here or through your mobile apparatus
Dr Georges Bowle is one of the 10 Heros CCN of 2013 .
You can vote for him , or one of the other 10 heroes , to elect him &apos; Héos CNN of the year &apos; .
This person will receive $ 25,000 to continue his extraordinary work .
For 21 years , Georges Bowle watched his father ill alternating periods of conscience and conscience and travelling to hospitals that were not equipped to help him .
James Bowle was injured in a car accident in 1981 near Yaoudé , the capital of Cameroon .
Initially , he had only a broken arm , but he contracted a infection that spread to his brain , creating a haematomite whose aftermath was the rest of his life .
“ There was no neurosurgical in Cameroon , ” Georges Bowle said .
We would have taken it abroad if we had had enough money .
Instead , Dr Bowle spent years supporting his father in crowded clinics and hospitals , so that he got any treatment he could receive .
&apos;It is not easy &apos; , adding Mr Bowle .
You can leave the house at 5 p.m. , go to hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
There are many patients .
People can die because they are waiting for too long .
The situation has not changed much since the death of Dr Bowle &apos;s father in 2002 .
In Cameroon , there is only one doctor for 5 000 inhabitants , according to the World Health Organisation .
By way of comparison , the US ratio is 1 doctor for 413 inhabitants .
And even if they could see a doctor , many Cameroon could not pay for consultation .
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and almost three-quarters of the country &apos;s health spending is carried out in the private sector .
&apos;The only problem they have is poverty &apos; , explained Dr Bowle .
And because of poverty , they cannot benefit from life .
Having seen his father and his compatriots suffering , Dr Bowle was determined to try to change the course .
Dr Georges Bowle and his voluntary team have carried out more than 700 surgical acts free of charge over the last year .
He became a doctor himself , working like surgeon in the central hospital in Yaoudé .
It created a non-profit-making humanitarian association , SACOVE , which goes to rural areas during weekends to provide free healthcare .
Since 2008 , he and his voluntary group have helped almost 32 000 people .
Nearly every Friday , with 30 people , goes into fodder after setting medical equipment on the roof and crossing difficult land to travel to the villages most in need .
The luck does not always follow them .
They have repeatedly had to drive vehicles to cross rivers or boxes .
But when they arrive , they are received as heroes : the community organises a celebration , cherish , dance and offers them the best available housing .
In these villages , free health care is a good reason to celebrate , and Dr Bowle – with his great smile and hard energy – is more than happy to join the celebrations .
The next morning , the team is beginning to receive hundreds of patients .
&apos;We receive 500 people from every visit &apos; , said Mr Bowle .
They sometimes live at 60 km of the village , and they come up .
In this travelling hospital , various health care is being provided .
Many people receive treatment against malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases .
Others can receive brokels , a plot of chickens collected or a free birth certificate – a document needed to go to school , but many poor families simply cannot afford to buy it .
In the evening , the team practises simple surgical acts under local anaesthetic .
Operations are usually carried out in a school , a home or a house ; after the intervention , the patient stands up and goes to the awakening room to leave his place to the next person .
Thanks to the lighting of the electrogene group , the operating room and the sterilization of equipment , Dr Bowle and his volunteers work until the first hours of Sunday morning .
This is a slow pace , but village musicians usually help the team to remain motivated .
&apos;They are knocking on bullets every night to keep us awake so that we can continue to work &apos; , explained Mr Bowle .
Sunday , the team is returning to town , tired but proud of the work it has done .
The group , consisting of Cameroon doctors and medical students , carried out 700 surgical acts free of charge over the last year , and knows that their presence can make all the difference to those to whom they help .
A man explained that the free operation he had had to treat a herd would allow him to work again .
“ This will change my future and that of my family , ” said man .
In addition to making this travelling hospital live and working like surgeon in hospital , Dr Bowle also works at night in private medical firms around Yaoudé .
It is the second job , he says , which finances the association of 60 % ; the rest is covered by private donations .
“ I don ’ t know when he slept , ” said Katit O &apos;Malley , a medical student in the second year of the Drexel University in Philadelphia and volunteer in Dr Bwelle .
He is still in hospital or trying to find money for his association in order to be able to conduct these campaigns .
For medical students and nurses such as Kect O &apos;Malley , who come from the United States and Europe to join Mr Bowle in his missions , this is an opportunity for learning on the ground .
&apos;We have been able to take part in operations to help blood blood or get the instruments to Dr Bowle &apos; .
This is not something you have the opportunity to do in America when you are medical student in the second year .
Voluntary students generally pay their journey to Cameroon , and often arrive with medical equipment collected .
But once in Yaoudé , their pensions , transport and education are taken care of by Dr Bowle .
&apos;It is a hero , there is no doubt &apos; , said Katit O &apos;Malley .
He gives his life for this association , and his desire to help the people of Cameroon is not nearly the same .
For Dr Bowle , the relatively constant workload is not a problem .
Helping others to live happy with the promise he made to his father is something that gives him great joy .
“ I am so happy when I do this work , ” added Mr Bowle .
And I am thinking of my father .
I hope he sees what I am doing .
Making people laugh and alleviating pain is the reason for me to do that .
Look at the SACOVE site to see how to help .
The France of Pierre Nora
The academics have long struggled to define and place Pierre Nora .
Professor in the amphitheatres and the stalls ?
Perhaps , but by underlining its weakness for the roads , Scences-Po , the High East Euds .
About the works of others in his office on the Gastton Gallimard ?
Indeed , while ignoring the hidden work and underground writing of the publisher .
Hectier of the fuss that Fontenle occupied the French Academy ?
Of course , but in the knowledge that such a sacre cannot replace real holy oil , that of the thesis , which has happened .
They have willingly acknowledged in him a great , animator , and a federator of their work , but by pointing out that he was reluctant to produce himself .
To this uncertain image the monument of the “ Laws of remembrance , ” to which he attached his name , has also contributed .
The bad languages have been able to see a huge market in the chips , presented by an intelligent commentator , with a glimpse and banner of begging , but incurring .
The two works published by Nora almost two years ago have already established that the person who was going to do not write had a lot and written written .
The book that should be made to it definitively justice .
Once again , however , it is once again the temptation of ubiquity , the intellectual vagmire , the jubilation that is being breached together with one another .
But it is quickly understood that the disparate objects gathered in the book in such beautiful terms bring the brush to one passion : to discover the core constituent of French identity .
Why are these dramatic calls for national unity ?
Identity : that is a matter of time .
We have been collectively invited to provide a definition .
But in the perreptitious spirit of our leaders then , the French identity was an insuppressing petrol .
It was necessary only to deploy accidents , and the case , Jacobinism , was forced into the prefects and subprets , authorised interpreters .
What Pierre Nora is doing is quite different .
It does not arise as a heir of eternal francs , it refuses to define the definition .
Analyist worried about a familiar stranglehold , he forfeited in a forest of symbols , arrested at every step by an object in the form of retrieve .
Are they coming from the company itself : why , in a country that is so long-lasting on its borders , so formerly chartered and firmly timid , are these dramatic calls for unity ?
They are so pressing , suggest Pierre Nora , that the disorder caused by the discord in French history is to be avoided .
Franques and Gaws , Armagnacs and Bourguons , Catholics and Protestants : the division forces here are very old .
The most emblematic is , of course , the one that renders national history .
From the revolution of the revolution , the French have two stories and they have two nations , a monarchic , the other revolutionary .
The second wanted the death of the first , but it did not succeed in denying it ; instead , it was concerned to regain the sacrability and all the more vibrant of unity and indivisibility that it had cut its heads to the obvious and powerful embodiment .
And , from that point of view , an invincibly binary nation shared between left and right , secularism , and Catholicism , adulteration and hatred of revolution .
In order to make the French identity unique , there is no point in the four steps outside the Hexaggerone , so that Pierre Nora may be the heart of his book .
Because both America and France have made a revolution , written a declaration of rights , wanted to build a new society .
But the US kitchen is better placed to underline what is our own .
There , men who had left their Anwegian Region in England and no longer had to worry about it .
Here , the crowded men of an ancient indigenous region , and all the more radical men .
This is a consensual revolution when it sits the drama and the entrance .
Here the founding fathers who are still honoured , and here the revolutionary ancestors , who are hardly able to make models , and who have , moreover , been killed .
Here , institutional consistency , and here a cascade of constitutions , as errors to be made and tests to be resumed .
France , which is going to France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes to the end of France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes from France , which comes to France
There was , however , a time when the French thought they were able to roll back their history rogue and defeat the curse of the two .
In the IIth , a central and creative moment , Pierre Nora has shown great interest and tenacity : welcoming those who then worked to repair the revolutionary divide , teach schoolchildren anything that in the former France was stubbornly preparing modern France and offering them a unified version of their history .
But this peaceful identity has had only one time .
This is once again in the debate , driven by immigration of a new type , which is threatened by the rise of reunion minorities , absorbed in the European area .
So the book offers both the fascinating portrait of France that is going on and the cautious sketch of France that comes from .
At the premium of the historian of the historian , which should set aside some surprises .
It is discovered that the railway was a cake .
The man of multiple cuosities looked , slightly obsessively , around the same idea .
The manure played at the centre of the centre .
And the one who , more than half a century ago , tabled a subject on the idea of a nation , but had taken away from the initial exercise of the thesis , entrusts us with the salient sm of the pam , which he will eventually have done .
True , in a less raid , fragmented and subtle form .
But let us not deceive ourselves , just as binding .
For much more than the figure imposed on the university curriculum , this record says the internal necessity of a life .
A former hostages in Lebanon : &apos; The return is quite complex to manage &apos; .
In Beirut , on 8 March 1986 , with three members of his &apos; Antenne 2 &apos; team , the journalist Jean-Louis Normandin was released , the journalist Jean-Louis Normandin was released almost 21 months later on 27 November 1987 .
Rejected since 2008 , he took part in the creation of the &apos; World Outlook of the World &apos; , which he has presided over for several years .
Its main objective is to obtain the opportunity for hostages to complain and to bring their hostages to the International Criminal Court .
More than 1 000 days , the four hostages of Aqi ( Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ) Daniel Larbe , Thierry Dol , Pierre Legrand and Marc Féet were released on Tuesday .
After medical examinations at the Val-Daide military hospital on Wednesday afternoon , they have been able to return to their families .
And , gradually , try to return to their lives .
&apos;The New Observer &apos; has questioned Jean-Louis Normandin , 62 years old , which has been postponed since 2008 , which has been retreated since 2008 , the president of the World Food Organisation .
From the evening of your release , you were on the 20th of &apos; Antenne 2 &apos; .
What are your memories of your release today ?
In particular , in Beirut .
When I am released , I find myself in the coffer of a car where I meet - without seeing it because it is black - Roger Auque .
He tells me &apos; we are released &apos; , but I am not sure , and tell me that we can still be killed .
We are very excited but very tense too .
It is war , and those who drive us are also very tense .
They are putting us on the edge of a trotch .
There are Syrian soldiers .
Then we arrive on the Summerland hotel site where the press is present .
The French bring us to the French embassy .
This is the time for the first blows to parents , the family , friends and the press ...
I remember having taken a bath for an hour .
And having drowned in F-shirt at the French embassy .
I also remember a short night to discuss with Roger and Marchiani .
The tension is still there , because we do not have the means to evacuate ourselves to Larnaca airport in Cyprus .
Armed there in helicopter , we are taking a private plane that brings us back to France via Corfu and Solrenzara , where Pasqua is in charge .
How did you arrive on French soil ?
Out of Orly .
Chirac , Prime Minister , is there .
It is a bit brutal .
There is an incredible bottle .
And there is a lot of media in the media .
When I left there three television channels .
I have just returned .
The descent from the aircraft crackdown , the revelations with my son and my parents , my friends , all of this is extremely strong in emotion .
Between the airport and my home , many motorcycles follow our car as Rabon leads .
The motorists are getting the query to make photos and follow me up to where I have to do the police a little to prevent some of them from going up .
There is a huge amount of media pressure .
It does not stop , we are well placed to know ...
But the state of emotion and fatigue is such that it is difficult to see it .
We are leaving a hole and we are suddenly in the media spotlight .
It is a little complicated , a little violent , quite complex to manage .
But we have done the hardest .
I myself am at 20th , and the next day , too , I am on the television .
Then it is a kind of realignment to life , very slowly , for one or two months , which are a little like holiday .
How has the medical examinations and the DGSE debrig gone ?
I had a first medical check in Corsica .
The rest has been done in the Val-day Val-day I return : radio , all kinds of examinations and a psychiatrist .
It is not a sitting that does everything , but we know that we can count on him , to remind him if need be , that we are not handed over to ourselves .
That is part of the procedure .
I also met the intelligence services .
They asked me questions about the hostages .
It was logical to do this .
That did not bode me .
How do you react today to the release of the four hostages in Niger ?
I listen to what is said .
The debate on ransom in particular .
Some things annoy me , others less .
I am trying to make the point between the questions on my past as a hostage and my hat of President of the &apos; World Food Organisation &apos; , which allows me to distance myself , and I think it is much more interesting .
I wonder , for example , about the definition of resilience .
Above all , I am fighting , together with others , for the recognition of the legal status of the hostage .
I think there is a problem of semantics .
We must call hostages to take hostages &apos; political &apos; - which is the case most time - and allow hostages to have access to justice , to complain and to bring their hostages to the International Criminal Court .
Today , once again , everyone is in compassion , emotion , and welcomes the release of these hostages .
But who says that these hostages may also have access to justice ?
A tribunal in The Hague is done for that .
Why are we not saying to the hostage hokers &apos; you have flouted the rules of war , like those of all the Geneva Conventions , you are going to bring you to justice &apos; ?
This seems to me to be justified , legitimate , struck in common sense .
This message is heard , but not listened to .
That is my main fight .
The Egyptian Islamists on the streets to denounce Morsi ’ s trial
The anger flies in the ranks of Egyptian Islamists .
Two days before the trial of the deposed President Mohamed Morsi , they took on the streets .
A mobilization throughout Egypt to demand the restoration of the country ’ s first democratically elected president .
This is not a case in point .
So far no lawyer has been able to meet him and no volunteers have been able to take a copy of the documents .
This is not a trial , it is a farce .
President Morsi &apos;s trial is a false trial against a pro-Morsi , it is he who is supposed to make Sisi trial , not the other way round .
Morsi must judge Sisi for the massacres in Rabata , the massacres in Nahda , and the massacre of the Republican Guard .
Sisi is a liar and a traitor .
There have been clashes in Alexandria , the police used tear gas , 60 demonstrators were arrested .
On Monday , 20 000 police officers will be deployed before the police academy in Cairo , where Mohamed Morsi will be judged .
Hagel blames nine American states to violate homosexual rights
Since the federal state recognised homosexual marriage , &apos; all military spouses have the right to an identity card of the Defense Department and to the benefits that come with &apos; , recalled the Minister in New York in a speech to the Antinanization League to fight anti-Semitism .
&apos;But some states refuse to issue these maps to same-sex same-same-same-same-sailing facilities &apos; , he denounced , accused these states of violating federal law and the principle of equality .
Without these cards , these people cannot benefit from the many social or health services provided in these bases , or access to their shops .
The Secretary of Defense has said that he has ordered the head of the National Guard , General Frank Gass , to ensure that federal law is implemented .
The fronts of the nine states began with Texas , which refuses to implement these benefits on the settlements of the Texana National Guard , owing to a conflict between the law and the federal law on homosexual marriage .
He was joined in his refusal by Indiana , Georgia , Florida , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , South Caroline , and Western Virginia , according to a senior defense officer .
The Pentagon estimates the population concerned by the recognition of homosexual marriage to around 5600 active people , 17 000 including the National Guard , the reserve and the pensioners .
Sixth edition of the Pary Skateboard
The sixth edition of the Pary Skateboard is taking place on Saturday 2 November at the Cutk in Hyers .
With the SK8 Unit of the Bump Association , the competition should bring together the best skirts in the region .
Inclusions are taken on the spot on Saturday morning from 9 a.m. and the qualification phases will start at 10 a.m. before the end of 3 p.m. and the award of prices at 4 p.m.
The public will be able to admire the technical prowess of young people who , for some , already experience competitions at the highest level , like the young hybrid profligate Lorenzo Plumbo .
At only 10 years , he has already won his place for the European championships in Copenhagen this year , and he likes nothing so much as he returns to competitors that exceed three heads .
The Mayor of Toronto hijacked journalists who came to ask him about drugs
In Canada , the mayor of Toronto is suspected of daring , according to several media .
A video of justice seems to support these suspicions .
The person concerned , Rob Ford , has always denied that he has consumed a penny , while recognising that he has a penny for cannabis .
On Thursday , he expelled a number of journalists from his property .
We also believe that sometimes the images do not need explanation or comment .
A case of rabble-rousing
The authorities announced on Thursday 31 October that a case of rabies had been detected in a chaton in the Val-Oise , clearly of foreign origin , while France has been free from indigenous cases since 2001 .
The chaton was found on 25 October in Argnausil and he died on 28 October .
The rabbit diagnosis was confirmed by the Pastier Institute .
&apos;An epidemiological investigation has been undertaken to identify and take care of people who could have come into contact with this chaton between 8 October and 28 October included &apos; , &apos; specifies the ministries of health and agriculture .
&apos;Five people who have been in contact with the chaton have already been identified &apos; and have received preventive treatment .
&apos;You are man , the preventive treatment of human rabies , administered after contact with the animal carrier , but before the symptoms appear , is very effective &apos; , specifies the communiqué .
The ministries now call for people who would have been dead , drunken , fed , or wrapped on a mutanship or skin , or whose animal would have been in contact with the chaton between 8 and 28 October to contact 08.10.06.95 between 10 and 6 p.m.
&apos;Since France has been unwieldy of rabies since 2001 , this chaton or the mother have been imported from another country , which is not free &apos; , according to the communiqué .
The Ministry of Agriculture states that the last case of &apos; indigenous &apos; rabies recorded goes back to December 1998 on a foard and that &apos; France is declared officially unscathed from this disease in November 2001 by the International Organisation for Animal Health ( OIE ) &apos; .
A case of rabies on an illegally imported chicken of Gambia was recorded in 2008 .
&apos;Drabies is a deadly disease if it is not treated in time &apos; , recalls ministries and is transmissible for almost 15 days before the first symptoms of the disease .
Obama ’ s Health Challenge
Under an avalanche of criticism , President Obama returned yesterday to his unambiguous and often repeated promise that “ if you are satisfied with your health regime , you can keep it . ”
After hundreds of thousands of people have received disapproval opinions from their suppliers , the Republicans have criticised the President in the last few days , accusing him of deceiving the American people .
Yesterday , Barack Obama adjusted his original promise .
“ The vast majority of people with health insurance that they deserve can keep it , ” he said in a speech in Boston .
Owing to what he calls “ an upsurge in the current state of affairs , ” President Obama has encouraged the Americans who received these opinions to seek new insurance on the market .
Most people will be able to obtain comprehensive and better adapted health systems for the same price or even less expensive than expected .
“ You will win , ” he said .
The administration has announced that one should not be surprised if the 5 % of the population who contracted their insurance is forced to change the regime because their coverage does not meet the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act .
&apos;Let me address the Americans directly : you deserve better &apos; , said Kathleen Sbebeus when he testifies to the Committee on Energy and Trade in Washington .
Mrs Sebelius , who oversees the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , indicated that the launch of the online market in October had failed &apos; miserably &apos; .
&apos;I am as frustrated and irritated as anyone else &apos; .
I look forward to regaining your confidence .
It was a Kathleen Sebelius exasperé who made this sentence , when she believed his microphone was cut off , addressing a assistant sitting behind her during yesterday &apos;s sitting following a contentious exchange of views with Billy Long , Republican Representative in Missouri , to find out whether she should join Obamacare .
For more than three hours , Billy Long repeatedly urged Mrs Sebelius why the &quot; architect &quot; of the Affordable Care Act had not voluntarily renounced the government &apos;s sponsored assurance to sign a regime via HealthCare.gov , that it now has millions of Americans .
Seeve a special cap to Abu Dhabi
The happy election , Jannke Vite Prekop , has combined the colours of the car brand and the German flag , while incorporating the notions of speed and heat into the run-off .
The German Sebastian Vettel , quadruple of the world of Formula 1 , has been trumpeted for free trials of Abu Dhabi &apos;s Grand Prix on Friday a special cap whose design was carried out by an Mexican fan of 21 years .
In the context of a competition launched by one of the sponsors , a car mark , of the whole world , it has chosen one of 1 500 designs from all over the world .
He has been invited to follow the GP of Abu Dhabi , with a friend , and can therefore see the German champion , the run-off and the snapshot .
That was to wear this cat on Friday and Saturday at the trials .
It is likely that he will have another special cap on Sunday for the race to mark his 4th consecutive world title .
A resident in Aubervilych
Let us not deceive ourselves , above all , .
In the spirit of Abdel-Malik Djermine , his founder , the &apos; suburbs Party &apos; , is not just addressed to the bands .
I have chosen a French card as a logo .
When I speak of suburbs , I address all those who are excluded from the large national family .
However , his project , presented on Thursday at the press conference in his native town of Auberville , was born of the desire to better defend multiculturalism , this great cultural pot which characterises the neighbourhoods .
My proposal No 1 is to create a ministry for multiculturalism .
Abdel-Malik Djermine , 50 years , a territorial attachment , now claims to be &apos; 100 % apolitical &apos; , even though he has not always been neutral .
In 2002 , together with Jean-Pierre Chevénez , he then supported Dominique de Villepin locally between 2010 and 2011 .
I am well aware that the equality values that I advocate in my programme are linked to the left , but if right-wing people are prepared to support me , I will listen to them too .
There are only extremist parties that I am not talking about .
In addition to multiculturalism , Abdel-Malik Djermine has built his programme - consultable on Interolan - from many subjects supposed to speak to suburbs and especially young people : the right to vote for foreigners , legalisation of cannabis , the civil majority at 16 , rehabilitation of the function of buildings .
It is still up to us to find candidates to form lists and to defend his ideas on the political scene &apos; .for the 2014 municipal elections , that may be fair , admit &apos; .
It is a problem of time and money .
The suburbs Party should nevertheless be represented in Aubervilych through my candidacy and I also hope in other cities .
Abdel-Malik Djermne already has seven heads of list in metropolitan France and Martinique .
&apos;The support which I have received since yesterday is not all of a suburbs &apos; .
John Kerry admitted , without precedent , that American espionage “ had gone too far . ”
John Kerry has indicated a softening of the defensive attitude of the United States towards its surveillance programmes by admitting , unprecedented , that on several occasions espionage &apos; had gone too far &apos; .
The Secretary of State has also admitted that he , like Barack Obama , has ruled on “ automatic pilot ” when a series of inflammatory revelations of whistleblowers Edward Snowden about the NSA ’ s espionage activities came into being .
The leaks put the US government at the center of a diplomatic storm with its allies .
Speaking at an Intergovernmental Conference in London by video link , Mr Kerry said : &apos; There is no doubt that the President , myself and other members of the government have learned some things in automatic pilot terms because we had the opportunity , from the Second World War and until the difficult years of the Cold War and then , of course , 11 September . &apos;
He then became the first high-ranking member of the US government to admit that American espionage had gone beyond the bounds , but insisted that everyone &apos;s rights had not been violated .
He said : “ In some cases it has gone too far . ”
The President is determined to try and clarify and make clear to people that he is now carrying out a thorough review of these practices so that nobody feels wrong .
I assure you that innocent people will not be abused in this process .
Mr Kerry insisted , however , that the NSA was a force for good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives .
He added : “ We live in a new world where people are prepared to get out of hand . ”
There is radical extremism in the world that is determined to try to kill people , explode them and attack governments .
And if you could intercept their communications and stop them before they act ?
We have prevented aircraft from falling , from exploding buildings and people to be murdered because we have been able to learn the facts in advance .
Meanwhile , US legislators will go to Europe to address concerns about the alleged American espionage case and convince Europeans of the need to continue the joint efforts to combat terrorism with the United States , and explained on Thursday the President of the Senate subcommittee on European affairs .
Senator Chris Murphy of the Connectict indicated that he had spoken before the Members of the European Parliament and others this week and was concerned about the threats they had posed to the possible withdrawal of anti-terrorist organisations because of the sense of frustration that the monitoring of the National Security Agency arouses .
&apos;It is really important for the protection of national security in the United States that Europeans remain on our side in mutual commitment in the fight against terrorism &apos; , declared Murphy , a democrat serving his first mandate , and chairman of the American Senate &apos;s Subcommittee on European Affairs , in an interview since Washington .
I will go to Europe to make it clear that we must continue to work together to combat terrorism , despite the anger caused by the NSA programmes .
The press reports that the NSA has captured millions of communications in Europe , which has damaged relations with some US allies , but the Director of the agency said this week that it was not true and that it was a misunderstanding because it concerned metaphor that NATO allies had collected and shared with the United States .
Other revelations reported on Snowden documents that the NSA had intercepted data and communications from the mobile phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and those of 34 other Heads of State .
The director of intelligence services , James Ctiger , justified the espionage of allies by indicating that it was necessary and that it was common practice on both sides .
In the tumult atmosphere , Murphy indicated that his office was organising a congressional trip to Congress this year and hoped that the delegation would include members of both parties and chambers .
The names of other participating legislators should be revealed in the coming days .
He said that the route is still to be defined .
Murphy said that the purpose of this journey was to make it possible to improve relations , but also to act as a &apos; vile firmness &apos; .
He explained that European Heads of State should be honest with their citizens about the kind of espionage programmes they have been applying for years .
&apos;We can change our monitoring programmes in order to better protect the rights of Europeans , but they must also understand that we are not the only people in the world to make espionage &apos; .
Meanwhile , Kerry has planned to visit the Middle East and Poland this weekend to manage the ransom generated by US strategies in Syria , Egypt , and Iran , as well as US surveillance activities .
London ’ s stock market ended on Thursday , plagued by Shell ’ s bad results and the Fed ’ s announcement of continued economic support as expected .
A Australian is using its prison sentence in Thailand in Thailand
A 21-year-old Sydney woman , sentenced to 15 days &apos; imprisonment in Phuket for wrongly claiming to have been attacked by a taxi driver , appealed for judgment and has been put on trial .
Stelife Rochle Bamford was first found guilty by a Phuket Court of Province on 15 June of false statements after telling the Thai police that a local taxi driver , accompanied by two other men who were under control , attacked him early on Sunday 10 June .
However , video recordings later revealed that she had returned to his hotel safely after he had separated from his small Australian friend .
The Phuket police questioned Bamford for two days before she admitted that he invented the history of all parts .
It was held in a local office unit before the hearing before the court .
Bamford was sentenced to a 15-day prison sentence in a low-security detention centre in the Phuket periphery , rather than in a prison for women .
This is the daughter of the former Australian League of rugby Peter Tunks ’ daughter , who appealed to Canberra ’ s Foreign Ministry to help his daughter .
Tunks told Sydney ’ s Sunday Telegh that the whole family was “ extremely concerned ” about his daughter ’ s welfare and wanted it to return to Australia .
“ We have , of course , experienced a worrying moment , but we hope to bring it back to the house safely as soon as possible ” .
Bamford appealed to the judgment and was released after the payment of 50 000 bits .
In Australia , the press has said that , in the meantime , it was on holiday in the Krabi region , southern Thailand .
Thai legal sources have indicated that Bamford was represented by a local Phuket lawyer , but warned that the appeal could lead to an increase in the sentence of up to two years &apos; imprisonment and imprisonment in a adult prison .
However , after the recent murder in Phuket of Michelle Smith , a Australian travel ague , Thailand could also seek to rekindle its damaged image with tourists , which could lead to acquittal .
The French police will stop Anderlecht fans from other than with RSBA cars .
The French police have decided to lay down strict rules for the Royal Sporting Club de Anderlecht against Paris Saint Gertalant , which was set on Tuesday , and sent Marie Verbeke , the spokesman for the police zone Brussels at noon , on Friday .
The Belgian FSBs who want to go to this meeting of the Champions League will have to make use of the travel system set up by the CSA .
&apos;The bus convoy will be escorted by the police since a former border post of Rekem until the PSG stadium &apos; .
The same will be the case for the return to return .
&apos;If other fans had an intention to go to Paris by other means , the French police prefecte made it known that measures were taken to make arrests or even guards in sight &apos; , and yet again announced Marie Verbeke .
Taken together in French , the challenge of the Marguerber-Burgeoks school commission
At the Marguerite-Burgeys school committee 62 % of pupils have a mother tongue other than French .
This was a year ago that motivated a consultation with parents , pupils , teachers and members of education staff to reflect on how to better integrate pupils who live between different cultures .
The school committee has just unveiled its vision of &apos; French together in French &apos; .
The Vision diversity body has been going on for a year in schools to help pupils with all origins to discover common benchmarks that are not limited to the French language .
The discovery of neighbourhoods , our architecture and our places are benchmarks .
Large names of writers , artists , whether they were a snuff or have come from elsewhere .
Who are our builders ?
&apos;So we are creating projects so that they identify with all this &apos; , explains the President of Vision diversity , Aidda Kamar .
Michel Vean , from the Institute of the New World , identified several challenges for the school committee .
&apos;On the transmission , for example , of the queue culture , the feeling of belonging , support for staff in the transformations that we live in , in student clienteers &apos; .
The Marguerite-Burgeys school committee has created a research centre which will provide tools for teachers who sometimes come from elsewhere .
Rachida Azóz from Montreal University will be the scientific director .
The preparation to manage a class in the North American context , queue .
&apos;Different educational strategies , that is what is really needed &apos; .
Research will cover inclusion in all its angles : linguistic , school , social and cultural .
