UKIP ’ s demons that refuse those living with HIV are a perfect example .
You talk about when Nigel Farage says that the NHS should not pay for those who come to the UK to make health tourism , and when , with that in mind , he says yes when he specifically asks him whether people living with HIV are included in the undesirable .
Firstly , you use specious arguments and then discredit them with barely veiled homophobia .
Whenever I or my family need the NHS , we have to queue behind intolerants to chronic hypocrites that think they are due to them .
I think it is you who use specious arguments .
Health tourism , as defined by the right of the right , hardly exists .
I believe that this is what is called democracy .
No one would be affected by UKIP measures against health tourism , so there is no problem .
Only in the parallel UKIP universe can Carsell appear as a revolutionary .
A quotation from a torch is proof .
Yes , let us learn from the messenger .
The Mail did not write the report , but only comment on it .
Those who control the majority of media in that country should be fired for spreading such populist propaganda as the reality .
I do not think you know what a specious argument is .
You also know nothing about my personal situation or identity , so you should be careful when you try to kill the debate with accusations of homophobia .
Farage was very surprised , but only because it is so rarely discussed .
He has made absolutely no homophobic remarks .
You will have to succeed in getting you back .
I am not , of course , where you want to come , but I imagine you do not like when the media talk about what you do not like .
People talk so rarely because , unlike Farage and his hidden followers of Thatcher who believe that AIDS and floods are a sign of God , not reflection about their own inability to understand that the complexities of humanity are good , then no .
Ultimately the situation is as rife in Ireland as in Spain .
With the new crisis in the period of austerity , nothing has been done .
Early 5 % growth in 2015 is a big joke .
We were boasted in Ireland by the European TTERE in the EPP-ED .
We have seen the following !
This rehearsed the article .
The attempt is being made to make the impression that Ireland is a virtuous country and that one of the NOUVEU MIRACE ECONOIQEU is taking place .
With the Brussels agreement , impotent on the lowest socialities in Europe , a move towards flexible work and a continuing emigration .
With these scaremongering , it is not enough to poppy with the Poles .
In the 1980 ’ s of the 2080s , it was one of the poorest countries in the Europhile Union , with Portuguese in view of a constant perimeter , without the newcomers , the situation is always better than it was .
The Green has come to the fore .
That their development was not a long calm river , it was on the basis of the recent breakthroughs .
With the lowest impos in Europe ?
That is not true !
Latvia has an impot rate of 0 % on businesses .
Now there is a hypocrisy in France on the part of policies on the impos paid by multinationals .
According to a report from 2008 or 2009 , they pay in France less than 5 % in genal .
Only small and medium-sized enterprises pay .
Now I confirm that road circuits have become bogged down , and there are new cars ( and chere ) in the streets , just as before the 2008 crisis .
I have been living in Dublin for 14 years , the recovery is evident in the daily buttons since the entry .
Is this supposed to be economic news ?
Do not worry , I am sure that the comments will soon soar .
In another article that they are writing , 2 Vauxraml Astra is involved in a staggering A140 .
Is Ryanair now planning to transfer passengers from one flight to another in this way ?
I believe that Mr O &apos;Leary will soon be buying a whole new fleet of appliances , so a few boxes and fences on the old will soon be forgotten .
Having said that , I am voting with him next week , so I hope that it will not be on one of these .
That would be entirely the fault of the other pilot .
Ryanair has made passengers pay extra for the additional fear that they have been willing to provide ?
But without this kind of Irish company you could not allow you to go on holiday , young man young man .
I have never taken Ryanair and the last three times I took the plane with BA .
I prefer when the airline proposes a quality service .
No , but it is Ryanair , so they can get to heart .
Any article on Ryanair triggers dozens of comments by people who would never take Ryanair to those who like to take Ryanair and think that those who pay other than the basic tariff have to attack themselves .
This is fairly transparent .
Ryanair will not be happy with the additional costs of this incident .
I wonder what the delays will be and whether we will have to compensate passengers and , if so , if Ryanair is going to be able to avoid paying by saying that it was a mistake by airport air traffic controllers .
Passengers have been placed in another aircraft in less than an hour , they have no right to compensation .
Please disappoint you and your dreams of compensation .
Welcome to the British Airways flight that takes the English ISIS to Syria , not as you say .
Good Travelyage
Last Sunday in Paris , the streets of the Frankfurt , the Maris is largely peanuts , and it is literally a group of world .
People do not come to a mass for the quality of restaurants ( most of them ) , or for the Bon of Bland-Mantex ( hyper-intellectual and slightly dust ) .
The reason for this crowd is that the shops are all open and that the neighborhood is incredibly alive and lively .
Together with many foreigners who spend ...
Do you believe that the opening of Sunday will create jobs ?
Alto a Paris Rue of Franques Bourgeis , where shops are opened on the Channel , which is being spent on 50 % of tourists .
Four aloes !
The only argument that seems admissible to me is that of the areas receiving a large number of foreign tourists and it is nuanced by the fact that they buy duty-free .
The tourist areas lose a huge amount of turnover every year for the same reasons .
It remains the industry where expensive equipment , exploited by the Channel , can lower prices .
Sunday rest is a right which , except for exceptions , benefits employees .
That is why it is planned and regulated by the code of work .
Neither the Minister for the Economy nor , indeed , the Foreign Affairs Minister , have any competence whatsoever to reform the labour code .
As they close it .
Does the law serve what ?
To satisfy some of the people and businesses that wish to work on the Channel .
In Montreal on Sunday I take my small children to the municipal library .
In my Ville of 30,000 inhabitants where I live in France the municipal biblical is open four days a week but not !
That is access to culture ...
It is also the regulation of working time .
The way in which he has fought with tenacity against fascism
Fascism and Bolshevim
And if his daughter ’ s succession was , against his will , used to pay the succession costs ?
There are paints .
Some are good .
Perhaps his succession would like his share of the cake , if you get me .
His preference for a victory for nationalists / Franco in the Spanish civil war ...
And its hostility to independence in places like Ireland and India and its fascist ideas as a whole and also add to its well-known hatred of Jews .
Churchill was not perfect .
Nor do I .
But for five years , and only for five years , it was perfect .
In 1940 , he held his head in the government ’ s other arisos who wanted to discuss an “ agreement ” with the Nazis , and he won very skilfully .
Thanks to his wonderful rhetoric and energy , he united the country in the idea that fighting fascists was the only way to win .
The people of the United Kingdom , France , and Belgium and , ultimately , the whole world , can thank God for having had these five years , just those five years , Churchill at the helm and no other .
Churchill &apos;s greatness has nothing to do with this discussion .
If his descendants sell paints on the free market to collect the money from inheritance costs , they could even make a profit .
If the public wants to admire one in a museum , they collect money to buy it .
It is as simple as that . It is as simple as that .
But we could use tax money .
No one can deny that , when it was “ the moment of truth , ” Churchill ’ s personality was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War .
A relaunching of the internal market through public works will only encourage large companies , which will increase their dividends by not hiring , as infrastructure shipyards are by definition unrenewable .
As for the social reforms advocated by the Minister , they reflect the real evil : distrust of dialogue .
Real to Princes .
A reform of unemployment insurance is not contradictory .
That the weakest among us is not in need !
Either collectively we come to help , or he has , in exchange for the services he renders or has given to a minimum of resources .
The SM40H that I prefer to smile corresponds to that vision .
There is also the donor who lives on income from his properties .
There is a need to differentiate the person who invests for a return to retirement and who lives on his rents .
One thing to laugh , or two for a couple above , is vice versa .
The small genius of finance is lacking in imagination .
The new deal was a policy of major works , but at a time of major infrastructure failure .
Today , in Europe and France , this is not the case .
Developed countries are superseded .
The need for infrastructure is therefore marginal in no way to a new deal .
Especially at a time when the issue of growth is emerging in response to a recession that is nothing but a brutal degrowth in the wild .
You would have been right 30 years ago : the need ( or possibilities ) for dams , coal mines , motorways ...
But if we want to make the future climate climate shock less severe , then the need for investment is glaring : isolation , renovation of the rail network , urban transport , transport and storage of energy .
A tax that favours high incomes and broadband .
Who is in power ?
Out of the Martphones .
Charles Arthur really is a galopin .
Samsung ’ s profits are being damaged by the iPhone 6 and its competitors of the same spectrum
The introduction of Apple by Apple in mid-September overshadowed the iPhone 6 and 6 plus .
I have tested all these telephones and decided for LGG G3 .
So Samsung lost me as a customer , but not to Apple .
I believe it is essential that we have an alternative .
When Microsoft put in place that philosophy , we experienced a decade of stagnation that was finally broken down by Google , Apple , and the open community .
We need to have several dynamic platforms , to stimulate competition and development .
In addition , we all have different needs and they cannot be satisfied by one manufacturer , because they are not compatible .
For me , I tend to buy Apple , because I like their underlying philosophy and I appreciate the design .
Some people do not attach value to design , for them the options , the functionality and the price .
There is nothing wrong with that .
Let us stop looking for a better platform .
There is a &apos; better car manufacturer &apos; , not really , they are different but similar .
I would like to see a thriving portable industry , with radically different approaches for people and different markets .
This is healthier and must be encouraged .
That is in all our interests .
I am pleased that you have found exactly what you are looking for and that it is not an Apple product , although I have made a different choice .
Most of the people I know have iPhones .
Our colleague , who is in one of them fighting ideas and not men ( on the contrary , on Paris bobs ) could tell us what ( the author is ) when they fight ideas about gender and tell us what works they intend to combat .
Or are they just attacking the gender as described in the Figaro , Minute , or Valers Project ?
Their sources are Judiith Butler or Eric Zemmour ?
Well , Jean , I like you , and you are an intelligent and educated person .
I said that on Judiith in the Furusto vein , which was mentioned by Holopherin , which did not come to me ( I do not have his vivid spirit ) .
Otherwise , in the &apos; substance &apos; , since you refer it back to it , I am not interested in it , and I sincerely do not see where the problem is : I hoped you and your friends could get me out of my backlash , because I am slow but I understand ...
Four : recognise that , culturally , sending Judiith back to Holopherine is doing so .
Who is afraid of the World ?
But what about those who are afraid ?
Furasto and 4 give us answers .
The first by invoking the Bible of the Bible , the second by describing Judiith Butler as a very symbolic cat .
We can see how intimate these studies are .
We are , of course , no longer in the debate .
That is something else , much more profound .
Did you read , Jean , that the Monde published an article on the need for theology ?
Four : when it comes to a debate of ideas , I thought it was appropriate to go to the sources .
To try to combat ideas based solely on what their critics are doing ( Cardinal Ratzinger , the inventor of the Genre of Genre or X , theologian ) does not seem very rigorous .
But it is good , as I explained to our friend , the author , that it is the difference between having an informed opinion and a simple opinion .
I am not , moreover , in favour of the nuance .
I did not read Judiith , the very symbolic gate of gorge , I was content with the &apos; second sex &apos; ( it was more than my time ) which I believe is the source of the &apos; source &apos; according to Lo .
While I watched the eclipse from Melbourne , I saw red lights when the moon briefly demonstrated when the clouds opened .
This sudden appearance of the red moon had its charm and offset the disappointment of sometimes having the sight blocked by the clouds .
That was wonderful here in FNQ .
Yes , last night ’ s cloud would really mean the Cotoria and NSW coast , while most of the rest of Australia had a clear time .
Special , special Flash .
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey makes the Labor responsible .
But if Labour accepts our unfair budget , we will make it its real colour as soon as possible .
You are obsessed with this , but do you not ?
I was in Melbourne then , of course , I saw only clouds .
Melbourne has also been able to cover himself throughout the week of the Perseanides of the Perseides and for almost all the major astronomical events of recent years .
I am beginning to think that there is a bad genius whose sole aim is to prevent the people of Melbourne from seeing anything from the sky .
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory , even if things improve greatly on the other side of the Cordiciller .
There were periods of 10-20 minutes in which I could not see the eclipse because of clouds over the suburbs of Melbourne .
I am going to put a TAEE on this eclipse .
QUICONQEU is looking at this eclipse .
I bet that your first thought of the day is for Abbott , just like the last before you sink .
Who or what will you get when it ends ( inevitably ) by disappeared ?
It seems that you are taking a great deal of time to read the discussions in search of messages in which people criticise the Abbott Government and then accuse them of EUX to be obsessed .
Superbe photo from the moon above Sydney ’ s Harbour Bridge .
It seems that Mars will go into collision with the earth !
There is nothing about stock and property speculation .
There is nothing about inequality between income and capital .
There is nothing about tax fraud .
The ultra-liberalism is killing Europe .
Nothing about Babylon jardens ...
The article says too much or too little .
The details and arguments of these recommendations are not given .
No hyper-text link to the original documents so that an opinion can be made .
Go to see on Tuesday 15 October the results of miracles : in Spain , exports have been at the lowest for five years .
In Greece the stock market is collapsing .
However , it was a good example to follow .
The reform of notaries would generate a request for compensation in the order of EUR 8 billion .
The Ministry of Economics tells us that these claims for compensation are unfounded .
What should the Ministry of Economics do ?
Will policymakers who have gained the political benefit resulting from the courageous attack on the notaries will have the same courage when presenting the bill to the state budget ?
The next time round .
Ok , thank you , JYL ....
The government is not comparable to households when it comes to managing its budget , because the time horizon of the state is theoretically infinite , while the household is constrained by its members ’ lifespan .
Moreover , unless we consider that public spending is unproductive , these are helping to finance material and intangible investments in the growth of tomorrow and hence future revenue .
A few points of response .
This is a regrettable decision .
But remember the sacred oath of Hippocrates : the health of the profits of global pharmaceutical companies must be preserved above all .
Jolie theory .
Unfortunately , the truth is not your fantasy .
Medical staff would like to be able to use them , but they have their hands tied by the law as written by politicians .
This is the same as for the product that causes medical abortions rather than risky surgery , safe shoot rooms for drug addicts rather than having them on the streets etc .
On these issues politicians want to please the accused masses .
In fact , doctors do not earn money with medicines .
That is why there are pharmacists .
Doctors do not earn money from medicines because the Liberals want our health system to resemble that of the United States , you should know how it works .
In the world , doctors are treated in the same way , but that is more or less visible .
It was perhaps wrong to blame the tubes , but the reality is that many countries , including Australia , give priority to business profits and research .
So please read the few reports on our spending on Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and on negotiations with pharmaceutical companies compared to other countries .
Comparing world prices for medicines everywhere , as well as differences between countries on what is on free or just prescription .
This is a political and economic process , not a medical or scientific , direct or indirect process .
In fact , some companies are currently carrying out tests on marijuana inhalations against oncological pain , despite the laws that brake them and the costly permits needed .
Although the manufacturers of certain medicines may not be happy that alternatives such as marijuana are being used , those who arrive at a version offering good quality products to known doses will benefit greatly .
To tell you , but you are wrong , a lot is happening in the corridors for doctors and pharmacists .
As for the hospital , they were happy to use it until someone put the chip on the ear of a hospital official .
DETENIR patents cannot ...
If “ researchers ” in social science made research rather than politics and networking , one could use their “ work . ”
A researcher is not compared with another .
Comparing that is not the way to go .
Understanding it is not research .
It cannot be said that research is successful , and then in the same jet ‘ we must experiment to everything ’ .
If your research is successful , why experiment ?
If your research is not successful why do you ask you to apply them ?
Can one explain to me how a “ researcher ” can deduct that a pupil who cannot assimilate mathematics can assimilate mathematics and other matters more easily ?
New technologies make it possible to learn that pupils learn to use new technologies , but how would they manage to learn new technologies if they do not know ?
The pista tests are just an indicator that makes it possible to find indicators that are satisfactory to us .
What is the point of building an indicator that tells you what suits you , a desire for self-promotion and deception ?
A single line to train teachers : moving away from training and ideologues and practising practitioners to practitioners .
It reread the paragraph on traineeships ( which unfortunately is not very argued ) and you will see that your conclusion leads us to the most inefficient conservatism : ‘ It is a mechanism that leads above all to the reproduction of existing practices , and does not allow the system to move forward ’ .
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system , it cannot be hoped that only practitioners teach practitioners , even if they have their place in modern teacher training .
Education theorists must have no place .
The practitioners must have one .
Would you want to be operated by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical , and who has never set foot in a previously operating bloc ?
There is no consensus on the causes of the educational system .
To give more weight to education theorists would be to destroy it definitively .
Your analogy is all too fateful : if I do not wish to be operated by a practitioner who has a theoretical training , I would like to be even less able to operate by a surgeon who has no theoretical training and who has learned about it .
Mike Weber , the Conservative MEP responsible for combating copyright violation by David Cameron by David Cameron
Why does he not simply say to Cameron to stop ?
Someone should make a popular arrest .
Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
If one day I begin to feel guilty of violating copyright , I will only read an article like this .
In an information economy , the infringement of copyright is a flight .
That is the same as they have to quote their sources properly .
Often , obtaining a licence does not cost anything .
No , it is a violation of copyright .
Not the same thing .
By using content without the proper licence , you are depriving the artists of their livelihood .
You can always debate educational assumptions - but it is flight .
And you can repeat that as much as you like , but that will not be true .
It is a violation of copyright .
Let me repeat it again .
If I begin to feel guilty of violating copyright copyright
Clearly , it does not bother you to deprive artists of their income .
If they think they should receive money for images used in school duties , an almost perfect definition of what should be reasonable use , then I am glad to deprive them of this shadow income .
The lesson should be to show how , if children themselves create anything and publish it on their favourite social networks , they abandon all intellectual property to the site under the general conditions they have passed from a click .
Perhaps if they share the headphones of their tri3 whiter with a moon in the school bus , they should be expelled for breaking the law in such a way .
Ah if we could export this resource from which we are full , the shell that says that everything goes wrong ...
If it is a fellow Member who says so , then we must believe it .
I have two children and when they will be of choice , I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed by then .
France is pulling people down by constantly assisting them .
I do not want my children to bear the debt that this policy has created .
What is driving France down to the bottom is speeches like yours .
Abgues I have been working on private business .
I had the CHANEC for working in companies run by excellent business leaders : it exists in France , but it is rare .
I am employed because I know that I do not have the skills to run a company , and that choice allows me to scrap the dark bosses that I often encounter .
At home in my baskets I fully share the post of Jean-Pierre Bernajzan : he says the horrific truth !
Four , if one compares with German companies that French entrepreneurs constantly cite reforms in France , in Germany , companies have managed to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive , particularly by ensuring the link between big business and small and medium-sized enterprises - what are the French bosses waiting for ?
Should the State hold its hands ?
Is this state that they are guilty of being punished ?
4.Jacques L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L.
This is an anti-business crunch on your part !
Remember , what has you created as employment , as added value , to be as strict ?
I understand your reaction .
In fact , France is faced with an insoluble problem : the incompetence of French entrepreneurs who are unable to create jobs and who move and minal while waiting for the permanent help of the state !
It is terrible !
But they have solutions : to abolish the Labor Code , employers &apos; taxes , taxes , work 45th / week paid 35 , and some , walking on eggs , dare to demand a reduction in wages , if not deletion !
I look forward to seeing all the negative comments on this subject .
What is ironic is the way in which people always complain about First Group .
As I see it , Last has not really been an investment for us taxpayers .
They have tried to stay afloat rather than transform themselves .
It does not mean that the Scottish railways have not improved since Last has dealt with it .
But they also improved with their predecessors , including British Rail .
Unfortunately , we do not have the power to do that .
I tried to have them recently , but I did not succeed .
But the Labour Party is going to get us out of trouble .
It is an international subsidiary .
They already operate trains in Germany .
It does not prevent people in the UK from creating a more moral business and participating in tenders .
But it seems that we are not very good in management , most of our privatised services end up being managed by a foreign operator .
I still remember the scandal and criticism when First won the Virgin contract , all of which so that the decision is finally cancelled .
And there is better : TTR , a Hong Kong company won the FTT operation for eight years .
Well , the Labour Party , as they told us during the referendum campaign , is completely in favour of pooling and sharing , and believes that workers must all help each other across borders .
We can therefore assume that they will be happy with this decision .
It is perhaps because Dutch management is on the right track when that of the British is not .
What ScotRail needs is not just a change of owner but above all new ideas .
Abellio may be the least bad choice , but the real problem is the ridiculous system of travel , not the catch .
&apos;It was a burning daughter &apos; .
I hate , but I really hate this kind of expression .
To assume that being &apos; beaten &apos; is a higher quality than many others , the concern of others , intelligence , listening to , for example , being &apos; beaten &apos; has nothing to do with the survival of a disease : &apos; battery &apos; cancers , who are no less dead .
Creating a disease has nothing to do with merit .
Let us start again .
I say to you that it is LA which is a condition for managing , I say AFDE .
Nothing can be seen with any merit ...
The example of your life is only you to judge them .
I would like to start again .
Introducing , even for a moment , that you can have merit in getting out of a disease or that we can devalue from not getting out of it , is simply monstrous .
The body follows or does not follow .
A body that cowardly , despite the will , despite confidence in medicine , has a vague idea of what C ?
To think otherwise , if a strong morality is likely to make it easier to accept heavy treatment and prepare for it , to seek experimental treatment as this woman has done and not to refuse them out of fear .
Someone who is beaten in medicine is primarily someone who trusts medicine .
But if you prefer to rely on the &apos; lord &apos; that is something else .
Neither with merit nor with courage .
These considerations are specific to moralists .
When you catch a salt , a real one , you are getting rid of just a zombie .
Personally , I have caught two , sali and big , and if I have &apos; fought &apos; as these psychologists say , it has completely escaped me .
Unless this fight is just to tighten the teeth , to suffer the hell and to bury the blows .
I thought the accusation against Milosevic was decided and finalised ten years ago .
I have not seen the name in the newspapers since at least that time .
What is happening ?
It is a anniversary .
A forgotten birthday .
His trial was conducted &apos; quickly &apos; and then swept under the carpet .
Is this the story that was told at the time ?
The nationalistic Communists who unleashed three wars in the Balkans over the last decade ?
The Communist President of the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia ?
Please ask , therefore , what has been deliberately left aside : 1 .
How could NATO bombardment be legal under MA MOINDRE rule of international law ?
What country has Serbia attacked ?
With regard to RDRs ( Radio Television on Serbia ) , why do you not mention that NATO destroyed the same building by killing civilians and then regarded it as a valid target .
Milosevic had no way out of it : if he did not defend his country against NATO attacks , he would be crucified as a traitor .
If he defended him , he would be swamped by the Western steamroller .
The West used a smokescreen to depart from a sovereign state that then unilaterally declared its independence and was strongly recognised by the Western states , which then lied to the end of the situation on the ground .
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared ( ethnic cleansing ) .
Vojislav Kostunica , who is mentioned here , died politically after his first term for failing to understand the situation that had developed .
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the political world at the time .
Ultimately , the Guardian should not call Milosevic a tyrant ( even if we do not like it ) .
As far as I am aware , only in Greece is a method of prediction of earthquakes moving around , by measuring the pigezoelectric level in the quartz .
Such studies are undoubtedly useful and thank you for sharing the results .
So there is hope , but caution has nothing to do with the OTT-P-11b , located at about 124 light years of the earth in the Cygnus Constellation , which would be “ the smallest and most cold planet to present detectable water molecules . ”
So Method needs to be followed up .
Just like those involving animals that are threatening a threat .
Thank you very much , Mr Passer of science , for the fact that we are often governed by these experimental achievements in the world .
How would animals be able ( in advance ) ?
Perhaps through the perception of other factors that are changing in the event of earthquake .
Like the radon , for example , it is a radon .
A gas is inodous for man , but perhaps for the animals .
All these methods are intractable for man , but not for the measuring instruments at it .
But we do not have a reliable result on these paths …
It has been observed many times ( and for centuries ) that some animals act strange hours with an earthquake , including hens , cows , dogs , and especially fish and dry .
I had seen a headline that told the struggle of two scientific teams , one Californian , the other Japanese , to recognize the validity of their work that related to the sensitivity of animals to land magnetic fields , and in particular to their change before a sem .
Well , I am not scientific , but their assumptions had convinced me !
Or what about this research ?
Why so much contempt for this ?
We should learn to listen to nature ...
If we look at it calmly and rigorously , it is published in a serious journal .
As soon as we talk about the “ signs ” given by animals , there is the same way : everyone will remember that five minutes before an earthquake the red fish was strange in round .
I do not understand that Boris would be a good leader for Conservatives .
He did too much as Mayor of London .
When you listen to the LBC programme one cannot help thinking that this man knows nothing about it and that he is always trying to diversion with a joke .
It never responds directly to it .
He also said he agreed with Farage , and then Nick Ferrari has asked him what .
He could not name one point .
He has made so many promises to elect himself as mayor and he did not hold one .
This only highlights the extent to which the rest of the Conservative Party is only a rash of merchant , not ?
It is because he is popular .
Because it is funny .
He was in Have I .
Because it is a celebrid and people have been accused of admitting celebrities .
Londoners voted for him , and the same applies to the rest of the country .
When ( and not if ) he takes the party ’ s leadership , the Tories ’ popularity ratings will cut the ceiling , I am sure .
Let God help us .
I am not so sure : people like blagers , but do not want their prime minister to be one .
That is exactly what the Londoners said .
He should have brought his friend , smarter , more intelligent than he was .
In many respects , I think he is trying to copy R Branson
The Americans had one as President .
The French have really and always disinterested in the history of the Pacific War .
For all those who bothered to read a few books ( there is one , including a French and an excellent ) .
Milty , the Solomon and the &apos; stradderure Strait &apos; speak , as unfortunately as the dead that remained there .
It is understandable that Australians , who know ( one of their heavy croners , Australia , must always be in the bottom since Savo ’ s battle ) .
Indeed , we went to Savo ’ s icle in the “ Iron Bottom Round . ”
Even if the mission ends .
It is the small .
But the ecolo side is a total dumping .
Calozene consumes in order to achieve the objective completely decreeing the concept .
You need only look at the list of sponsors that philanthropers have .
A more com operation and no one has done so .
The cow is too envy !
I look forward to that .
Your cieft brings me back , identifying me a little in the passage ( I also learned to navigate the Croin Croin ’ s Croin from the Blin Blanc in Brest ’ s raid ! ) .
Water , too , for ecological message .
The end justifies the means .
Continuing to get us back , and to show with a strong show that the Bretons are large travellers !
Peter , Triniad and Tobago .
Bonevening , I think that the red bag that demonstrated against taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the British region and the Ville de Brest .
More seriously , it seems to me that local authorities and public bodies of all kinds should not spend a sigh of our taxes to finance the dreams of a few even friendly adventurers .
Are there any players in the current Serbian training of Kosovan origin ?
I know that Dusan Bajevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic , once to the Juventus and now to Feerbahai , is Mitrovica , but I do not know whether they are still in the team .
The defender of Lyon , not Bajevic .
Bajevic was the ground , or before the 1970s and 1980s , and brought many teams in Greece , but I do not know where he is .
Bajevic is Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and played as attacked in the large team of Velez , who , under the legendary Sullean Rebc , ended twice in the Yugoslav League ( and also had rings like Vahid Halilhodzic and the loyal equier of Arsène Wenger , Boro Primorac ) .
Well , thank you .
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac .
By curiosity , what happened to Krasic ?
It was said that he was going to become a great player when he was in the Juve , he is currently in Turkey , but the last time he appeared on my radar screen , he was linked to Blackburn , who is a soft man in the home .
I cannot help you here .
I know he lost his place when Conte arrived and then went to the Feer and as far as I know he is not .
Perhaps he can still do something , perhaps in the Indian Supper League ?
Seriously , Serbia .
Albania , in particular , is not afraid .
You should love Albania because you are neighbours .
The trick is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of the true Albania of today .
Apparently it was the flag of the Great Albania , which encompasses all regions where there is an important Albanian presence .
A bit of excessive nationalism .
Fortunately , there was not too much damage ( as I know ) .
In fact , it was an Albanian flag with the map not of the so-called Great Albania , but of Albania from before 1913 , when the great European powers decided to give the country &apos;s strains to neighbouring countries .
How can we have felt &apos; an explosion of joy &apos; when seeing two rounds collapsing in the knowledge that women , men and no doubt children are inside ?
How is it possible ?
What bothers me in this &apos; testimony &apos; is that the only fact that , at least once , we have been able spontaneously to rejoice in the horrific death of thousands of people , shows me a &apos; close line &apos; personality of all &apos; testimonies &apos; .
It is no doubt that , in the short term of &apos; joy &apos; , we will not have thought about the dead or the reality of the horror inflicted .
It will only be thought , for a moment , that , for once , Muslims had managed to make a real and apocalyptic contribution to the great Satan in his very heart .
A powerful qqich .
There is a great deal to be done .
It seems that this sentiment has been shared by thousands of Muslims who have been shattered by their sense of humiliation .
With testimonies in Palestine .
Classique Schadenfude .
This was a little doubtful .
The &quot; Christian / white &quot; West cannot measure the degree of cheating , anger and hatred of musuman when it contrived the furniture of poverty , social and cultural underdevelopment in the Muslim Arab-Muslim world .
I am talking about the doorstep of Cairo or Algiers , not Dubi towers .
The past saga , certainly magnified , is not consolation , on the contrary .
How can we get the Muslim world out of this evil desk ?
Typically in phase , two major poisons irrigate the Arab world : conservative conservatism of the powers in place and fascist nihilism .
The common point , the freezing of thought and excommunication ( soft or army ) of its critical expression .
It should not be understood before , that Muslims should not be allowed to back up .
That is the only way .
Has Edit Plenel read this article ?
I assume that this is true in many countries .
In Britain , however , the autumn marks the beginning of six long dark , wetlands , and depressants that affect the well-being and mood of many people .
Moreover , everyone is sick .
seasonal pressure .
I myself am suffering .
When the light goes , it becomes hell for me and those like me .
A dose of vitamin D should help the mood and well-being .
The autumn is beautiful in Britain , with or without rain .
The campaign in particular is to burst in the autumn .
Not as much to cut back as the summer of the summer when everything is alive , rather than being on the verge of dying .
In Britain , if you are lucky , the summer falls a weekend .
We have had a good summer this year , do not make your glimpse , which is giving up clichés !
Not everyone is .
I seldom fall ill in winter .
But now I am retired and I do not have any more immunity to the germs of the outside , and that can change .
It is not about to die , it is just a step in a cycle ...
A marvellous step full of staggering smell , with a feeble feat , culminating in celebrations such as Hallween , Guy Fawks , Christmas , the risks of envy and other wonderful words .
Let us not stop doing things !
These are my recommendations for you .
Yes , these dark and grey months make me much happier and more relaxed .
For the taxation of children &apos;s increments , it is the amount collected by the state that comes mainly from the declines 8 to 10 .
However , when it comes to the number of households who have seen their taxes increased as a result of this measure , it is mainly the 4 and 5 who are affected ( median income ) according to the graphics 2 .
The deletion of half a part of the widows is not covered at all in the article or , rather , its impact is woefully assessed : EUR 230M is a joke that does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 .
And it is not ready to settle .
Well , we are not on the straw of admittedly , but slack .
For once the PS makes a policy that is rather left-wing , we will not lament ...
Clearly , those who are among the richest 20 % have to bear much more than 75 % of the tax increase , why not 90 % ?
Let us continue with this , and you will encourage the 20 % to work less or leave .
Well , I know that this is not politically correct , but I do say that .
Long the Trots and SPIs recycled to the PS : they understood everything .
Adam , you see very little what you are looking at .
The proportion is always the same , here or in Bahrain : 20 % of the population holds 80 % of the wealth .
A fair tax is when it prohibits anyone from amassing as much as they can .
In addition to a certain limit , money loses its usefulness .
And once we have exceeded the value of money , the money is only used to make money , that is to say , to make the most of the misfortune .
It is one of the richest 20 % .
Perhaps the 20 % of households that work most ( and create wealth , some of which are logically redistributed ) .
A fair tax must allow these households to take advantage of some of their efforts .
Or , if we are to have social housing , we will have to cut back and live with social minimums .
Fortunately , the utopia of the warmongering to the red hull have lived .
I made two AirBnB in Norway recently .
There is no problem with this .
In one of the two , we have had things that we would not have had in a hotel 5 stars and we did not have to get to the reception or to deal with the slightest trace .
You only need to go to someone , sleep , stand behind and leave .
From now on it will be my first option when I travel .
The logo has changed , people ...
Look at your assurance before commenting your house .
In most cases , you will need a kind of homeowner insurance .
Please use a service with the right logo !
Ah , 6.h too late .
I admire Airbnb .
“ This is very dangerous and highly risky , ” not the truth .
You have just missed luck .
According to the link provided in the article :
The answer from Airbnb to Teman was rapid , almost absurd .
Within 24 hours , according to an e-mail provided to Gawker by Teman , Airbnb had sent a serrenry to change serfs , taken provisions to spend a week at the hotel and transfer $ 23 817 ( for which Airbnb is assured but nonetheless ) .
So why does this article quote Teman complaining that it has not received any support from Airbus ?
I have AIRE AIRBNB - to receive as to travel .
I am looking for people who have already used bungs just to reassure me .
I intend to pay a month and a month to go down at a stroke , but I am rather afraid of sending GBP 1 600 to a site that I have never heard about .
What , though , is going on ?
“ Supporting troops , ” sang the Bu ’ s Bu on all sides …
So harmless .
I am sure that will be a pleasure for the families and relatives of the thousands of Kurds dead in Halabja to learn that their parents and friends have succumbed to anything other than the chemical bombing of the sadbre .
Unless the content of the article was radically amended by the author , your comment is inatpropriated ( to remain polite ) .
Moreover , how would this mass crime committed in 1988 prove that chemical weapons discovered almost 20 years later were still usable ?
The author ’ s style is not clear : “ In the search for weapons of mass destruction .
We agree with that .
You believe that this is the time to weaken the army to strengthen education .
This is never the time to strengthen education , because we are still at war .
Alternatives : is it TOUJOURS the time to strengthen education , because we are still at war ?
There would already be a great deal more education if ‘ them ’ were to work 35 hours instead of 17 .
At present , our teachers are gaining more than engineers .
We do not believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week preparing their programme .
But that is not true , because National Education does not have the means to provide an office in the college / school to its pros , so they are feeding home .
A kind of forced telelabour in sum , except that the employer does not pay the computer , the Internet connection or supplies .
Moreover , it is so much the floor that at 17.00 a week and 4 months of vacation that we manage to fill the CAPS of maaths , come , you expect .
How do you not want to peddle you with poorly educated chives whose parents are crying out for you ?
I believe that the priority in this area is to disarm jihadi jihadi , so that the people of Kenya can flourish better .
Where one sees that the Bush administration has absolutely done everything in its power .
My first graduate job was the sale in London to earn three times nothing , but it was a job for which a qualification was needed .
A year later , I saw an announcement to be working for the London metro , it was paid GBP 5 000 per year and was not even asked for a patent .
I have never regretted the fact that I have been sorry .
In this respect , you do not do this if you do not find a graduate job , try to find something that pays well , or that you like to do .
If I had stayed in graduate jobs , I would still pay my student loan .
I do not like work in business so much , so I hope in the long run either in the public service or in the academic world .
LOL LOL LOL is really late !
Exactly , when I obtained my qualification in 2011 there was already a three-year delay .
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates ?
To get rid of the bisgot networks as art / letters / theatre / media / philosophy / political philosophy , that is , the so-called unemployed diplomas .
I have one of those diplomas and I have finished production .
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma but , as the article says , a good professional career , starting with school and throughout the university .
Of course the original wage was lower , but we are rapidly rising because in the real world what matters is more than knowledge .
This discussion of artistic engineering engineers has been going on for years .
Scientists cannot solve all the problems , it is more important to be able to rise in the morning , get to work and interact with people in order to achieve results .
Little , philosophy and art are bissts ?
That is ridiculous .
I assume that you are talking about gender-study diplomas , or whatever the absent industry where you have gone .
Later , philosophy , political science and art are real channels .
We need people who can explain the major issues to school pupils , who understand the importance of the bases of culture such as literature , art , etc .
Would it not be better for a real territorial policy to dissolve Paris and boost the rest of France ?
Personally , I find it hard to see people from the bottom up of the Eske and the Val-Odd make 80km aller-return every day in bicycle to come to Paris .
Intramos and small belts already have many other means of public transport which are more practical in practice ( metro , bus , trams ) .
There are a number of safe and closed parks , as already exists in the cities of northern Europe , Dijon or Lyon , which are in the pipeline , and will be installed in the vetera .
That is a good idea .
On the surface , space is cannified by the 2RM .
Incidentally , it is hoped that the City of Paris works with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark .
That is all very well .
Well , there has been no room for UN SUL to cling bicycles .
The motivation seems stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrd Delanoa …
Well , that is not at all .
When we talk with pedestrians and other public transport users why they do not peddle it , I think that the main reasons are : 1 / it is hyperdangerous with all these bars , these lorries , those spillovers who are running fast and are full of pollution in my mind , and the road traffic system must be reduced by systematically verbatim .
The cyclable paths are apartheid , we need to live together , but rebalance the occupation of urban space .
Nothing about bicycle in the Great Paris ?
Not a word about the place of bicycle in public transport ?
EELV is right .
The target of 15 % of the bicycle is ridiculous .
I am beginning to believe that Anne Hidalgo has steered the Greens into meal .
Indeed , after what is happening , the EFTA ’ s deputy members seem sceptical .
I am optimistic .
Before the racketeering begins , it would be better to find who hide behind this massacre .
It is not Russia .
Not sure how the world develops .
It is terrible .
My children are not a financial asset .
A lawyer expressed his intention to bring the case to the ECHR , but I did not hear that a complaint was indeed lodged .
Moreover , they should be lodged in Germany or Ukraine first .
I also expect these cases to be postponed pending the outcome of the investigation report on the accident and the resulting criminal investigation .
Oh , but Libya did not blow Pan Am 103 either .
Malaysia Airlines is wrong , the fault lies with the airspace security authority , in this case the Ukrainian Government .
Was the accident predictable ?
Other aircraft had previously been slaughtered , Ukraine was launching air attacks on the rebels , and any aircraft could of course be considered as a possible and immediate threat .
Has the Ukrainian Government taken reasonable precautions in view of a clear threat or has it chosen to play with the lives of innocent people so that airlines pay for the overflight rights of the territory ?
Where all the pro-Kiev troams are defending their usurpers / ultra-nationalists in Western Ukraine , and who want to demonstrate in bulk that Putin has shot the MH17 flight .
As far as I know , there is already a complaint against the government in Kiev because they are responsible for what is happening in their skies .
The precedent : a 1986 judgment of the International Court of Justice that concluded that the provision of arms by the CIA to the rebel forces of Contraits in Nicaragua did not mean that the US is responsible for their actions .
There is no chance that Russia will leave it to the ICJ .
It is funny to think that Abbott means to Putin that Australians have been murdered by Russian rebels .
I hope he can present evidence to support his allegations .
So far , the investigators have said nothing of this .
To call Ricardo and to be such a rooyant in eco , it is distressing !
To call Polaire is losing the north .
A single chorotian question : is today &apos;s poor poorer than the poor of yesterday ?
I cannot help noticing that those who are most critical of Piketty &apos;s book have not read it !
It is easy to read , I took a few days .
It shows the statistical development of rescu-production , reshu-capital , unequal concentration , inequality of income from work , capital ownership , and the legacy of capital in the log .
It shows that today &apos;s concentration of capital comes from the beginning of the 20 th before 1914 , it shows that it was the two world wars that reduced the concentration of capital from 1914 to 1945 and then how concentration resumed after ...
Bernajuzan : you dance not to what .
I ask you how long it has taken you to read this pake , knowing that individual concentration capacity has some limits .
Secondly , the question is not whether it is easy to read .
The question is whether the summary of the central thesis given by the press is right or not .
If it is right , we can debate it without having read the book , which is what is most important to argue in favour of it .
No , it is easy to read ... it is easy to read ...
Bernajuzan : how long have you got to read it ?
Does the central thesis of his mafia summarised by the press are false ?
I have not read and read it .
I therefore rely on the summary of its central thesis and that is what seems to me to be pure smoke .
The gap between rich and poor is subsidiary .
Has mankind not enriched itself in general ?
And this enrichment added to an increase in the population is the real political issue today .
Malala Yousazai is an impressive figure and deserves the price without doubt .
But remember that it is only 17 years .
An age to which most people are just starting to find their place in the world .
I hope that this price will not be a burden for the girl and will find his way to a happy life .
The problem is not the price , but the political capital of Western governments that want to prove the old adage that perverse colourings are the embodiment of evil .
My best wishes in Malala , but she must realise that it is used and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in Britain &apos;s popular neighborhoods !
Somebody thought he was a little strange .
She thanked his father for giving him a great deal of freedom , but he mentioned that if she is not where she is now , she would have been married to 14 years .
Is Malala itself not part of these &apos; perverse colourings &apos; ?
You should not have any &apos; time time &apos; on this site .
You are , yourself , a horrible perverse .
That is absolutely appalling .
No , his father was not going to marry her at 14 years .
It was 15 years old when it was drawn .
His father runs a school where girls are school and he is in favour of equal rights for women .
It is , and has always been , to receive higher education and to have the right to decide on its own marriage .
However , it is someone who is unusual in Pakistan , as he believes that women are equal to men .
What she said is that an average Pakistani girl often has to marry at 14 years , without having a say .
It is a response that she has not made sufficiently eloquent for you .
It may seem contradictory , but perhaps it would say that if his father had not given him freedom , she would have been married to 14 years .
Rather than disappointed with this season 4 , and especially Jessica Lange , which apparently has a little difficulty in finding his comic character of Marlene Dierich .
I have just looked at the two seasons that are quite different , but I have to admit that this is one of the best series of horror , one of the most successful .
A first fascinating first episode .
The achievement is close to perfection , and Jessica Lange ’ s slot singing the anachronistic Life on Boy .
I have not yet looked at this new season ( which will be the last for me , without beef Lange ) .
In the case of American Horror Sttory , I would prefer to have seen 13 episodes running over 3-4 months .
One thing , however , is that , apart from the extraordinary Jessica Lange , it is above all the risks of scenes and mountains that are being put to me .
There has been an avalanche of original plans in AHS , which makes it difficult for today ’ s production to be used .
Ca escapes me a little from seeing you throw the spotlight in advance for the next seasons without even waiting for the quality of quality .
Jessica Lange is certainly a pillar of this series but , as you say so well , there are many other things .
No , it is simply that for me Jessica Lange ( and above all his path and the way in which it uses it ) really is UN of the pillars of the series outside of the technical qualities .
I look very much for her .
In my view , the series is in writing , it wants to do too much at the same time .
The season 3 was slightly below , in 2 it was too dispersed despite some excellent episodes .
I see them not to make 10 seasons from American Horror Sttory or to end like 24 hours long .
But everyone does what they want !
It is by what I say ‘ I will not look after later ’ that everyone is obliged to do so !
I simply share my point of view , nothing less .
The loss of Jessica Lange , JE thinks it will be fatal .
But then that is just my opinion .
Let us talk about less tax increases , please , let us instead go into state spending .
No , let us increase spending .
Those who wanted to cut spending failed .
Debating polemics about relatively small expenditure items , such as development aid
The problem is that this is less than the margin for error in government spending in the UK .
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than about the change of direction that voters seem to want , and throughout this time there are some in each side who pretend that these nuances are far greater and substantial than they are - and voters see their game and find them in bad faith .
Less than 1 % of the expenditure is spent .
“ debt ” is assets held mainly by financial institutions in that country .
The &apos; debt &apos; is nothing to worry about .
I would not see any problem with the government approaching a third of my income ( before even talking about consumer taxes ) if I thought it would use it .
But that is not the case , and many taxpayers have the same feeling .
It is said that Nigel Farage has not been entirely honest about how to cut taxes but good , if you add our net contribution to the EU , development aid , High Sted 2 , subsidies for almost useless wind turbines and nuclear power stations which cost twice what they should be .
Your first GBP 10 000 are not taxable .
This means that someone who earn £ 35 000 per year will pay around £ 5 000 ( a seventh of their salary ) , someone with £ 50 000 would pay around £ 10,000 ( a fifth ) , etc . , and someone with £ 200 000 pays about £ 70 000 ( just over a third ) .
And social security contributions ?
The more social contributions , the more local taxes , the more parking costs and the car sticker , and it is before VAT .
Almost 30 % of my money is deducted from the source before local taxes and car sticker .
I am paid decent , but not extravagant .
Not because this is a problem , of course , I am happy to pay my taxes .
But let us not pretend to believe that money falls from the sky , or that it is not important to know where billions of pounds of taxes are spent .
How can an unemployed person seeking work at the door prove this ?
Even if 20 % of the unemployed would not seek , that means 80 % .
Because I am unemployed , I have more interest in what others seek or not .
Whether a potential recruitor receives 10 or 20 CV , this gives my chances .
Indeed , I have not had any news from Pole Employment for months , so that the agents are more engaged in monitoring operations than actually getting job announcements back on their feet ?
I see no interest .
Because it is not up to the state to provide work .
If Pole Employment does not provide enough posts , then we must do without Pole Employment .
What is a sensitive issue ?
We all have rights and duties , in this case it is ensured that the unemployed fulfil their duties in return for their rights .
Just as an controller asks for their transport title to users of a means of transport , a head of service or the employees of their work , etc .
No one cries out in these cases ?
It is indeed worth remembering that the unemployed have rights : the only two times that I was in Pole Employment , my rights to the ARE had been badly established , and on one of the dossiers , cut by 40 % .
It takes time !
I am not an expert .
Trust and control are taking precedence at the present time , when the rule of law is close to the point of being , in fact , an insurance company .
I would add that the subject of compensation should only apply to employees , and it is they who pay the colleges .
Unemployed policies and French policies grant rights that they do not actually have !
That is not normal .
I would add that worthy unemployment insurance is part of the recovery of work .
More than waiting for killers in Arabic ...
In fact , we need a direct military response in Iraq / Syria that will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this conflict zone .
The situation would then resemble the spread of the black plague in 1348 / 9 in connection with war and population movements at the time .
The Saudis had the spirit of banning Hadj in Mecca this year with Muslim pilgrims from the three countries affected .
El Pis reports that 7 400 have seen their visa application refused because of their country of origin or recent journeys .
In fact there was a pilgrimin from Bosnia who contracted Mecca in the Hadj in the 1980s , probably contaminated by a pilgrim from Somalia , where the disease still exists .
I hope the rest of the world will have the same mind .
Is it not a matter of heart to propose preventing sick people from Ebola from flying a plane for Europe ?
I thought it was common sense , but apparently those &apos; who know &apos; decided that we could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people ...
These West African countries where Ebola is out of control should be quarantine .
No one is getting out of it .
Only health staff can enter .
21 days after treating patients before they were able to leave .
If they contract the Ebola virus while they are there , they will stay there until they are cured .
These are not draconian measures .
Last week alone , people were contaminated after contacts with people in West Africa , although they took “ all necessary precautions . ”
This disease can be stopped .
It is spreading mainly by airlines .
Let us ask them to fly to these countries .
Furthermore , customs officers at airports should be trained to identify people with typical symptoms of Ebola , so that they can be put to quarantine immediately .
Whether it succeeds in conveying the message of the first and religious ( including religious ) group , and he deserved the Nobel Peace Prize .
I doubt that he is capable of erecting the image of God with the full cortex of the planet in operation .
There is still a long way to go .
It is only 20 years since information appeared as a given premium for humanity , while religion , which came from the iciset , has been leading our actions since Lucy perhaps .
What is the point of becoming yet another Protestant church ?
For those who have not noticed , Catholicism is largely minority in France today , and no one is forced to join .
Those who criticise would not have their feet in the Church anyway , but only the small number of Protestants in France .
What is the next step , the notion of sin , too &apos; antics &apos; ?
Sorry : Sorry does not have a vision limited to France .
And , in the world , it can be that way .
No-Marine E , to be honest ( as usual ) , respect for others as you envisage in the chart .
Hiller a century before told him : &apos; Do not do others what you do not want to be done , that is the whole Torah and the rest is just comment : go and study ! &apos;
Christianity goes far beyond mere reciprocity , but introduces the lamb .
Are you &apos; advancing justice , peace , fraternity &apos; but without God ?
It is a return to communism .
The next step is to remove the incarnation and resurrection .
Jesus will remain the hero that has shaken moral laws by redefining respect for others .
Christians will then be prepared to play their part in the ethical debates in our societies and bring forward justice , peace and fraternity .
This is not a very Catholic matter ?
I believe that the small number of Protestants in France is mainly due to the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and then converted from force and forced to immigration a few centuries ago .
I hesitate too much between buying this , the new Abond game , or Wasteland 2 .
And the new Elite game is soon to come .
It is not going to be sold .
Personally , I would choose SM .
I like Wasteland 2 ( I even took part in his campaign for the release of funds ) , but I do not think it is 30 pounds .
If it is the PC , which is of interest to you , Green Man Gaming is now selling SM to 30 pounds and is also proposing a good 20 % reduction .
Green Man Gaming is now selling SM at 30 pounds and is also proposing a good 20 % reduction .
I am going to look at it .
Of course , it is not the job of the job .
The joy of the computer department is blocking all sites .
Bono , is it 30 pounds and 20 % reduction , or does the 30 pounds include the 20 % reduction ?
Let us be careful , however : the PC version is only for DX11 .
It took me by surprise , I bought it , but it cannot play .
In addition , I bought it on Steam , so no reimbursement is .
It is time to buy a new video card .
It is a Brazilian site , but you get an identifying Steam , I believe .
I have not used it myself .
Amazon GBP 30 for PC , £ 35 for Xbox 360 and PS3 , £ 44 for Xbolx and PS4
Thank you , I am afraid that one day they will cancel it out of your library if they decide to crack down on people who buy it there when they are outside the planned region .
So let us rejoin the Meta version of Elite .
Thus , was France in 1940 a &apos; puriad terrain &apos; ?
So there is a great deal to be gained from this Nobel Prize .
France needs 40 , the &apos; bizarre defeat &apos; ?
When you see who gets the Nobel Prize for literature one wonders whether or not Proust or Dostoyevsky would now have it .
The Nobel laureate is not even an event , it is not even an attempt to read the prized authors .
Brazilians , Chinese or Australians will read Modiano , who is already hard to read in French and describes such a limited and equal universe ?
I hope that the other Noels are more credible , but frankly I doubt them .
Modiano , Levy , Musedo , has only a distant report with literature .
Have you read it at least ?
Or another Nobel Prize ?
It would be better to judge .
As for the Chinese , Brazilians and others , do not worry for them .
foreigners are very sensitive to French literature and culture , they are very sensitive .
They will appreciate Mr President .
It is a good thing , if they do not know it already !
For your part , they continue to attend Lédy and Musvo .
I share your view .
Marc Levy and Guillaume Mususo retain all their opportunities .
So let us see who got the Nobel Prize for literature : H.
Put in 2005 , D.
Sailing the awful .
Since I led one in Iceland , I stop seeing Kia Sports everywhere .
I believe that this truce has been followed up to date .
Perhaps she wants to crush me ?
Or do I swallow like the horrible Superman III computer ?
Bono Danra , still hatred ?
Bono DQ - No , not today , I took my medicine .
That is Wednesday !
I had a few days of rest .
It was cool .
Last weekend I went to the celebration of the beer and cement of Nottingham .
It was a matter of course .
I managed to disguise 19 different beer , Wobbny Weber being one of my favourite .
I was pleasantly surprised by the mixture of people there , and not only with the fanatical fanatics .
Replacing on Sunday was really hard .
On Monday evening we went to the grandfather of a pot to play the nink bare .
With a real opportunity to start , I have been able to start with a number of decent revelations .
I hope that if I arrive 95 years I will be as lively as he is .
Last night I went to a chip bar in Farringdon .
One of my drinks has arrived with a chalk in the head .
I admire Mr President of the Commission , Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
Listen to Boudha and you will understand how wrong you are , dear Christian .
Having said that , without wishing to contradict you , I believe that you are moving away from the subject .
This famous whole ban on djihadis from mosques .
It immediately points out arms trafficking .
Either you have a great deal of open eyes like Meddeb and Taia or Boubasker or you have a closed eyes .
We have to choose .
It is not with closed eyes that one gets light .
Excuse me , dear Christian , but once again you are making a monumental counter-sense : all the authorities , organisations or associations , whether Muslim or not , having formally condemned the II and its crimes , the French , Muslims or not , have nothing to add to these unanimous sentences .
No one says a word .
The problem is that people like you see them first as Muslims , Arabs or Africans .
Not as French .
Unfortunately , Kench h Merhel , there is doubt for everyone .
As I said a thousand times , there are doubts about the approval by French Jews of the Israeli massacres in Gaza , but it would be foolish and foolish to accuse them of them and demand that they publicly demonstrate to the rest of French society that it is wrong to doubt it .
This principle is , in my view , the negation of the Republic and can only help to unlock French society .
There is no doubt , so to speak .
Who does not say word , but what ?
Keep with II or the conviction of II .
The silence is well practiced , and it is the main weapon of those who want to wipe out the gog and the knees .
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatic .
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could , in the elections , &apos; revenge &apos; the parties represented at Westminster because there was a huge gap between their proposals for decentralisation and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence .
Cameron must be sacred from losing all these seats at Westminster ...
Cameron must be laughable .
Is that what these threats are ?
The Conservatives are completely fond of Scotland because they have no seat there .
They can do what they want with full electoral impunity .
I do not believe that even Cameron is foolish enough to believe that the Labor losing seats at Westminster for the benefit of the SNP is a good thing in the long term for him and the Conservatives .
Who will pay a tears for the Labour Party .
They will be completely eliminated in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP , which will cut their heads in the north .
Ed Miliband joined the “ PROMESE ” thinking that he was rescuing his party , but without realising that he signed the death sentence of his Scottish Members .
No wonder some Labour MEPs are asking their leaders to account .
If the SNP gains 20-25 seats and there is no majority in parliament , even if the seats do not come from the Conservatives , they will be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition , and they can force both Conservatives and Labour to do what they promised for maximum decentralisation .
I believe this is important .
Not if Labour or Conservatives want to be re-elected in England one day .
Closing the 8 % pumps at the expense of 85 % is not an electoral super-strategy .
Moreover , once Scottish MEPs are no longer able to vote on British issues , Conservatives will win all votes .
Oh , I believe it is .
Cameron may not have much to lose , but Miiliand .
Magace did it with the Ulster Unionists and did so well .
Yet he is still in a position to be prime minister in 2015 and has won the Labour Party .
So , basically , these boxes will be virtually behind each reader to look beyond their shoulders and see what he read , how he reads , and to the end .
It is “ the life of others ” in East Germany or the KGB applied to the FRIC .
Still the same fascination for monitoring techniques .
Ultimately , this will at least have a sterilizing effect .
I expect the next ticket : Amazon manufactured VOTRE according to VOTRE profiles and this automatically thanks to an algorithm of its secrecy !
It is like the world .
It is quite encouraging to stimulate this .
Thank you for the article .
As under this system , the management of DRMs is not impaired , but I am reading pirated files , public books , and bought from a few publishers who have the intelligence to offer files without mockers .
Given the price I paid the Kobo , it is without regret .
I am amazed at the widespread abdication of users against the widespread appropriation of their privacy .
In your public bookshop , you will systematically notice that everyone is giving their fidelity card ( foe no ) .
There are also demanding masterpieces whose opening and completion rates are probably derisory .
For example , James Joe ’ s Finnegans Wae .
Fourth Thomas : in the Big Data era , the data do not really need to be personal .
We must be careful not to put all literature in the same breath .
The collection of anonymous data when there is a profile ...
The harvest is not anonymous .
It is the data published by Kobo , not to identify readers or authors .
But Kobo has all this information .
There have been so many exaggerated , erroneous and contradictory statements from the Turkish Government in recent days that the country seems to be governed by a mother class full of acid schizophrenic gains .
This is even worse than that if you take into account Erdogan &apos;s religious fundamentalism .
It is interesting that some of Erdogan ’ s supporters believe that Islamist is such an insult that they do away with your comment , but not mine .
Of course , it is true that Turkey does not want to shoot itself in the foot unless it gains anything .
If it attacks ISIS , ISIS will be able to go down , then it is actually going to get off the ground .
A pension diplomat written on his blog : “ The APA reports that Iran warned the US that it would be wrong to seek to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , because that would jeopardise Israel ’ s security .
It is not clear in the article whether Iran was sending a serious warning warning , or whether it simply advises caution .
This second option is more likely and , in any case , what is really surprising is that today the Iranian and American diplomatic engagement concerns Syria , Israel and the region ’ s security .
The reading of Indian Punchine is to be strongly recommended to anyone who pays attention to the details rather than to the fodder of the traditional media , and the short article that you link is important and should be read with the previous realistic and realistic comments from Iran to propose from Afghanistan around 1979 - 1980 .
Who are these “ moderates ” who are seriously fighting the secular Assad and the perverts of ISIS ?
The pipeline policy is pushing the world into the abyss and I would suggest to those who refer to non-existent “ moderates ” to pay more attention to facts and alternatives before sending the children of others to fight in the Third World War .
&apos;It is even worse than that if you take into account Erdogan &apos;s religious fundamentalism &apos; , are there other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East ?
I have one in mind .
There should be a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks .
What is needed ?
Do you realise that neither the criminals nor the victims have any chance of being still alive ?
A little late for that , my pot ...
Are criminals not just old now , 120 years old ?
A little late for that ?
Particularly with regard to the CUP triumvirate , which planned and led the genocide , Talaat and Djemal killed just after World War II by revenge by the Armenians , and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in Central Asia at roughly the same time , when he was dreaming of creating a Turkish empire .
What a cat !
An impressive mastery of the pervasive slope , but , apart from anything else , attempts are being made in vain .
It is a cliché .
The feeus will always hear a heart that even bestows on a parent &apos;s womb .
Cobin couples can simply be a desire for children and not a desire to be accepted .
Low-sterile couples , too , are sterile .
As for children !
It is a shame to appoint them as future psychological disequilibrium .
One day they will have the age to defend themselves , to say that they are happy to live , to earn their lives and to pay the pension for that lady ( ? ) .
The GPA is no doubt a temporary &apos; solution &apos; in the development of medicine in our world .
It is not now .
Many women have brought to the world children who were not their husband .
This is the case , so we are ...
What is important here is that this practice should be regulated so that the &apos; commercialisation &apos; of the body is limited .
However , cosmetic surgery , cosmetics are not so much commercialised as the body !
Anakronik Fareinit ...
Of course , it is more elegant to get a good look at a remote country via the Internet and Pary Pal than to shoulder responsibility and prevent the scandal in another centuries near home without shouting it on all the roofs !
These practices were not made in the name of the church !
It is not only Christians and believers who reject these practices ...
However , the exploitation of bodies is a real problem .
Oh , that man is passionate about something .
At the end of the 1970s in the Midlands I saw this by far .
I had to go to the day because I did not have the right to go at night !
But if you help that and listen to music - this music today is always a matter for you .
I do not know why there are so many contemptuous comments here about what Paul Mousson says , perhaps that they are put by people who have never been coolly , even for a few years !
I believe that in the section of sports there is an article on football which is awaiting your comments .
A very true article , which is very true .
Since Tony Parson &apos;s film , there is a shortage of reports that really reflect the reality of northern England &apos;s culture .
No wonder Paul Mson has grasped the social and political context well , he understands things well .
The Northern still lives , but it has been vagued by capitalism and today it is essentially a surface phenomenon .
Having said that , you can hear it if you are in the London region in November : 99psoul will once again go from the souls , including full Northern thern , on Saturday 15 November at the Betsey Trotwood in Farringdon .
I , too , thought &apos; always the same story &apos; , but this is a small and well-written article .
Your criticisms really need to be more constructive .
Supper article .
I admire your documentary .
I assume you are happy to have escaped Newsright .
The latest train for Wigan de Victoria / Exchange and goes to Wallgate .
By steering pilles .
Whatever the station before Wigan was Init , 15 mn per Wigan after buying a ticket for the ruling after Victoria !
The beginnings of the Northern Martherin scene are described in an excellent episode of the George Gendly police series called Gendly Northern Soul , which is taking place in Newcastle in 1968 .
Business is becoming increasingly poisonous .
Palestinians have no partner for peace .
Unfortunately , Netanyahu never missed an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace .
Four Jonathan : Netanyahu is not seeking peace because he wants to continue to colonize ( indeed , it was also the case of Rabin ) .
It is clear that Rabin , Netanyahu , and their voters all preferred the settlement settlement to peace .
He withdrew his clothes , the post on the rock and entered water .
An Israeli had stolen them .
The Israeli representative is angry and voting : &apos; What are you talking about ?
Israelis were not even there ! &apos;
The Palestinian representative ( UN ) smile and added : and now that things are clearly established .
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the bipolar government of the Palestinian Authority and will not lower the guard ...
It is obvious to the anti-Israelis that this is not the intention ...
Antarionist : I have answered you , I am translating : the global geopolitical report ...
And that has always been the case since politics is globalised ...
It must be avoided , and it must be avoided ...
In the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , for the creation of the Palestinian state , it is certain .
For the creation of Israel you do not answer .
What balance of power did Israel create ?
Antarionist : the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still a force of strength .
You doubt that !
Moreover , it is not just about Russell Brand , but the Guardian ’ s journalists have the air to find it difficult to go beyond anything that he does not have to say .
Many of what he says are just pseudo-chomskyists written no others .
This proves that you do not understand what Rusell Brand says , or what Noam Chomsky says .
It is just a continuation of personal attacks and insinuations ( my 13-year-old daughter likes it well , which means that it is a question of immaturity ) .
A truly vicious burden , with just a suspicion of awareness that Russell Brand says some truths , perhaps truths that we prefer not to think about .
Please act , this feeling will become increasingly widespread !
I can understand why Band horrible some are : sometimes he speaks prematurely , and after all the absurdities of the tabloid , he does indeed seem to be an initial populist , but the whole story of not voting has been completely misinterpreted in my view .
The general consensus seems to be that it is just saying to people that they do not vote and instead sit down and ignore the entire political process - but if you look at the interview with Paxman and other articles / videos that he has issued , he says that voting once every five years for Labour or the Conservatives ( or the Lib Ds I assume ) and limiting the democratic commitment to that is completely unnecessary , and that the parties should be much more politically active at the local level ,
I am not saying that I necessarily agree with his solution ( because I believe that being politically active by presenting his demands can go hand in hand with voting , given that politicians are a slap in the face if they are really in danger of losing elections ) , but it is up to see all these condescending answers that say that the impugnle that makes Jesus will not take the trouble to vote and just hope that everything will be better because it really is distorted .
His solution is extremely questionable , and it would be good if people were to debate what he actually says rather than simply label it as irresponsible and put aside the concerns of him and a large number of people who are left behind .
Yes , thank you , thank you .
The vote on the vote has been completely distorted .
I am deeply disturbed by the inusefulness of slipping a bulltin every five years , because my vote really does not count for anything .
I want more referendums , electronic voting , direct democracy and Members who report locally to their voters .
In addition , I dispute the idea that the words of Ruseell Brand are not the sights ( written by others ) .
He is intelligent enough to have his own words and ideas , even though they are heavily influenced by the kind of anti-culture thinkers and anti-culture academics that Suzanne would like to bring together under the label &apos; pseudo-chomskyist &apos; .
I am rather convinced that in a debate he would succeed in convincing Suzanne .
Perhaps that is what the Guardian could do , that Suzanne is doing the same as Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a vintage , even with the headline hosts added to the monster !
Like Max Keiser , who at the beginning attacked Russsel but ended up becoming one of his fans and inviting him in his program , it is too easy to attack him without really understanding where he wants to come .
It punishes in a political speech that has existed for generations , but has been marginalized by the traditional media – including the Guardian – for generations .
This “ frontline ” reveals , in my view , that intellectual debate has long been held in the history of history in history , where professional historians have become a minority , and the exchange of specialists has become poorer for the benefit of condensed science Po .
For my part , I had seen the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdiu as well as that of Michel Foucault , a need to attack a person , a scapegoat .
They both develop very rational arguments , but this rationality is based on the scapegoats that are the key to their thinking .
Instead , I believe that the state was indispensable as a culprit .
This is a very archaic thought , with thought being sacrificed , which is also magic thinking .
The problem from the report to the other is resolved by eliminating it .
There is an anarchic , neo-lib , / / libertarian slope ( the second is a tougher desire to eradicate the state , the first knowing to seek government relief for its markets ) in Foucault ’ s sense of state .
The old dream of the basis that self-organiss itself .
His thinking is built on the guilt of the state : without this guilt it does not stand up .
Anyone who claims guilty , says elimination , murder and sacrifice .
This is not a position against the three intellectuals mentioned here .
There is no support , moreover , for the fact that there is no support for it .
The totalitarian left is reminiscent of the good old times , that of its God , Stalin , the small father of the people .
Oulala , you may have read a chunk too quickly if you took the Foucault texts on the Iranian revolution for a Khomeini apology .
Today , even Pierre Mane would no longer be able to attack Michel in this way ...
Gotchet is a serious reflection of the contemporary person and the collective , the difficulty of the accession mechanism in our advanced liberal societies .
Whether or not we agree with him is an original and respectable thinker .
To look at this booth orchestrated by human scientist researchers who do not bear the brunt of allegiance to their mantra is quite laughable .
The narcoisme and the authoritarianism of these people are unrestrained .
One important point to add seems to me to be the position of these &apos; rebels &apos; , which is only intellectual and theoretical .
The treatment of Chinese and other “ yellow ” in Russia is absolutely incredible .
You did not have the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject .
And where was Russia , that a Russian can meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion ?
I do not remember when I saw a Chinese for the last time .
In London , and they were sympathetic to me when they learned that I was Russian .
In Russia here - in the 1990s , last time , in a market .
The Chinese think of whites like whites !
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and Guangzhou a long time ago , in the middle of the 20th century , and I still hear some of them speak violently anti-Blanks .
My father is not happy that his old daughter is like a white .
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and , above all , in recent years : they are increasingly rich , prosperity is spreading outside the large cities , and thanks to that prosperity people travel abroad and see how the others live .
From what I have been told , the Russians are mainly prejudices against temporary workers without qualifications from the Caucasus and Central Asia , who work in professions and in areas where they are very fortunate to be exploited by their employers or face high crime and violence .
Although I have lived on the shores of the Ienisai river in Siberia .
Unfortunately , I heard the views of the Australians on the Chinese and the Abagos .
It is truly bizarre that a foreigner tells me that I do not support the Chinese , when I met two in my life ( of which one abroad ) , did not keep a bad memories , all people are equal and , in fact , those in London were very good for that reason .
Otherwise we do not remember who is to meet , all the people are worth remembering .
Do you know what is bizarre ?
Whether you and the other Russians here speak of the Chinese as a sort of single fascination , as if they were an attractive part of a zoo .
Yet you always come out with the Blanc .
How many Chinese men are with white men ?
No , because there is a great chance that the parents of these white groups will aggressively attack them .
No measure of the impartiality of justice .
Yet it is the mother of all battles , and justice in France remains manipulated by highly left-wing groups like the magistrates ’ union …
It is a forgiveness : forgiveness , but the judicial circles are frankly a right .
When the judge of the magistrates only returns 25 % of the judges .
If a measure of its partiality can be made on the basis of the relaxation of law enforcement in the courts , it commits two obstacles .
That is the political vision of the observer as the judge ’ s factual interpretation .
It then remains the necessary tool of the law to refocus the assessment of fundamentals .
The measure of its inconsistency in all legal acts of magistrates , including the public prosecutor , forces to distinguish between the error and the partiality of magistrates .
It would be pointless to claim that acts of justice are not divided between these three groups .
The claim and ignorance is not an objective analysis .
And if all this is not analysed , how then can justice improve in France ?
If it is only through statistics that implicitly show that it is falling from the bottom up .
The previous preamble allows the following to be included in the third ratio .
The corruption of the judiciary .
This is a sensitive choice in proportion to the power of inconvenience that is given to the judicial institution capable of such heresy .
The area in question is that of the spillover of heirs committed up to the end of the procedure by means of scams to the procedure , not by successive generologists mandated by notaries .
This profession gets EUR 150 million a year while benefiting from the illegal cover provided by the virtual legal impunity of the French notete .
For understanding their mechanism , part of it was reported in the comments following the first publication .
Where it comes along with this moderate statistical improvement by the previous comment , it is that the judicial institution has produced , in many differences between generalist and heirs reluctant to become blurred , a whole set of jurisprudence contrary to all the laws favorable to heirs .
Is the presentation of European statistics ignoring such rational criteria not a developed form of lies ?
Certainly , prices are completely prohibitive .
There is still material to help people with disabilities .
You can say that , but my brother has one of these tribal trips , built on size and weight , and that has really allowed him to benefit from the full air as ever a normal wheelchair , wheelchair and tyres .
As we say , the bottlenecks and colours ...
Tuckhari looks like what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear .
Tuckhair has the air .
I think that the inventor of the Whill has never had to clean up a dog cat .
I am sure my sister would admire all the ground , but it is simply too expensive .
The long-distance wheelchair would be perfect for a handicapped with a pensioner penny .
Here there are hills that would like them .
Prices appear to be high , but there are really people who put such prices in a bicycle , so &apos; you see &apos; .
I think it is particularly useful .
Not all disabled people are poor , however .
Many of them have a reasonable amount of insurance at their disposal .
It is only if they have become disabled that they have become disabled .
The trick is that the wheelchair market is a niche , so they can afford to practise high prices for things that they know are necessary .
One cannot really say that the Whill is minimalist .
This is an example of excessive design .
Unfortunately , it is just a draft , it is not planned .
I am CONANTT that the long-distance wheelchair does not arrive on the market , because apparently there is no way to drive this fig fig .
Nearly 20 000 homes were destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza , in intensive bombing of densely populated residential districts .
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 ( Israel is the occupying power of Palestinian territory , not Egypt ) .
Half are children and young people under the age of 18 .
Children of eight years have lived all their lives under Israeli blockade !
A unique situation in the world , which is unacceptable and illegal as well , since this blockade carries a &apos; collective punishment &apos; has all civilians in Gaza .
&apos;entrepreneurs who work on their projects divert a little from their cement to the black market &apos; ...
Ah that is not the wood language , rather the concrete and the army , the lady ...
The references are there to support arguments or a fact .
Antarionist ...
Good cement goes in tunnels !
There is a black market that is certain and recognised .
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 .
A unique situation in the world , which is unacceptable to anyone with a heart and moral sense .
The US has a well-guarded place : Saudi Arabia .
Morsi did not have the time to govern because the dictatorship ( supported by whom you know ) excluded it !
Do not forget too that , after lifting it , Morsi had restored the blockade !
I am a Western , so I agree ...
Jonathan ...
The Bspeaker is Israel ...
The children of Gaza live on a underground fortress , built towards the people who chose their masses !
Having a ship is a lot of work , Aleks .
I hope you have thought carefully .
Cuchulg is much more cool than Airbnb .
It is the very definition of the economy of sharing , without profit .
Many are only looking for a one-night attack on Cushsfg .
So it is to be paid ( or at least hope ) in a different way .
It is always much cheaper than a hotel if the right addresses are to be sought .
Moreover , owners and tenants often stop using Airbnb and dealing directly with cash , bypassing Airbnb .
Where is the community in all this ?
“ What is it going to do about it ? ”
What is the problem with your grammar ?
We do not use the word &apos; to let &apos; in the United States .
The author simply used an American expression .
It is an international newspaper now , if you would not have noticed .
It would be better to have good insurance for the vessel , to ensure that it is 100 % in accordance with all safety rules and ask those who manage the channels and rivers to engage in commercial activity ( which they will certainly refuse ) , and I have tried to see how to rent it .
Have you thought that ships can be moved , stolen and repainted , coloured and so on ?
The labours are so slow that if someone tried to fly it would always be close to where you had left .
Or hijacked by pirates ...
All these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our labours ...
Where are you going to love it ?
No Mariine Le Pen is not right !
Populism ?
There is no truth other than that which sets out the facts !
Poverty is increasing in France .
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training .
The increase in wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality .
Who is defending who is in favour of this ?
Who defends what ?
In 2017 the mass will be said !
Capitalism will not become poorer !
High finance , speculating , play with our businesses , therefore , with our jobs , with our raw materials , so our purchases , our food , our food , therefore , with care structures , with our debts , therefore , with our institutions .
They are a threat to our daily lives by the same and by our money .
All this for the benefit of a few hyper-mega-obese obese .
Until proven otherwise , FH said : &apos; My enemy has no name , my enemy has no face , my enemy , it is finance &apos; .
It was in 2012 .
In 2014 , he appointed an economy minister as a former FTBs , a story to better defend the interests of the banksters , who were only responsible for the 2007 crisis .
Was there no other way of doing so ?
Do you call this how : return its jacket , down its trousers ?
primary and populist action
In fact , we do not know too much what Marine Le Pen thinks .
Where did you see that ?
Because the Germans refused to rescue the survivors .
I am not sure that Se really has &apos; refused &apos; to rescue the survivors .
One aspect of this battle is that none of the parties seemed secure about the exact strength of the enemy .
Robert Massia in his book “ Castle of Steel ” suggests that Spee quickly left the area because he had received a report indicating a British cuigreed in the area .
The sea was turbulent at the beginning of the day ; I do not know whether this was still the case at the end of the battle .
Similarly , the fight ended after the sunset , making any rescue operation more difficult .
Compare that with the next battle , that of the Fallands , where , on the photographs showing the survivors who are being rescued , we see a calm and up-to-date sea .
Moreover , the rescuers knew that there were no more German fighters in the area at this stage .
Humm , that does not really correspond to what I remember to read on this battle , so I made a quick research into Wikipea :
“ There was some confusion among German ships about the fate of the two cohabited crusers , who had disappeared in the dark after they stopped shooting , and a crowd began .
The Leipzig lives on fire , but by coming closer to life it is a wreck .
The Nürnberg , slower than other German ships , is joining the belated battle and is living in Monmalth , pondered and seriously damaged , but still on the move .
After pointing out his spotlight on the flag of the ship , the proposal to go to the ship was refused and he opened the fire , finally leaving the ship .
Without reliable information , von Se considered that Good Hope had to escape and stopped research at 10.15 .
Unilet reports of a British cuicycle in the vicinity , he went to the north . &apos;
So , if it is true , the Germans , trying in the darkness before the radar invention , did not know that a ship had sunk , and therefore could not search for survivors .
They also believed that there was a larger coigreed of the Royal Navy in the area that could have seriously damaged them , so in the confusion they disguised to take advantage of their advance .
They were far from their base , and Spee was well aware that they should find a way through many Royal Navy ships .
Cradok ’ s sacrifice had already caused them to harm them and put them at about half of their munitions , condemning them when they were finally caught .
There are a number of votes to the UMP to ask that it be enshrined in the law that a definitively condemned elected person is permanently uneligible .
That is a courageous position , which would also affect left-wing elected representatives .
It is a joke , however , that it is a joke .
OUR ECTTE EDE PROOPE UNE INE UNE INSICIIION MUR DES COMES
When is the ban on trade unions in sectors already protected ?
How long will we tolerate this distortion of equality between citizens ?
Encouraged by politicians , whose vision of society is limited to these sectors , always quick to amplify the very people who will benefit from their infuriability to hinder the actions of real policies , which are really trying to get things moving , not the fine words whose immobility is commensurate with their complacency .
I met them in the metro at lunchtime with their small placards &apos; under justice &apos; , they came from province and did not differentiate between Berery and PPOB .
It supports the existence of politicized trade unions whose members make the huge power they hold at the service of its party .
It would not defend the same theories if right-wing , or even right-wing , trade unions were to be targeted by individuals on their side and led to a judicial and media war .
Your statements are completely free of charge .
If , at present , the right defies the legal situation , it is simply that it has committed the facts .
We do not have an example of left-wing personality who has had so much to do with justice , but all those who have been subjected to his attention have not received a favourable treatment .
On the other hand , it has to be said that the union of magistrates is not the only union of magistrates and a minority .
That a minister strongly supports trade unions shows how useful they can be .
The trade union that you mention may be a minority one among the magistrates , but it is not a secret .
We are now wondering whether the &apos; mission &apos; of some judges is not more salient than educating .
You should be satisfied , but the SM is a minority .
What are you complaining about ?
No-one : you forget that the magistrates are not officials like the others : they are the only ones who have the power to charge and to incarcate the all-person .
Japan Goody ?
And if none of the participants ever returned ?
Bono , Katiel Weil .
I believe that even the most starving of glory is that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career , so I would be surprised if someone could accept their offer .
Many used it as a springboard to start a successful career .
The Old Directs fill the stadium of the world .
Others then sold a lot of discs or left West End .
Popstars , the forerunner of all these programmes , launched Chreyl Colle , who is in fact one of the juries .
Even ABBA , Olivia Newton-John , Celine Dion , Cliff Richard , all have joined the Eurovision , like so many others .
While others like Frank Sinatra and all the rest participated in US competition .
In the 1970 ’ s and 1980 ’ s , New Faces and Opes Knocks launched most of the light entertainment stars on British television .
Of course , some have fallen into oblivion .
But that is what happens in any case to most stars that do not participate in competitions .
Few people , after a tube , succeed in doing more .
In any case , most of the singers / groups can at best hope for three albars and a bis of .
Oh , but now Colile , or whatever his name , has fans only in the UK .
His celebrities are part of his marriage with a footballer who is burned in his mouth .
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson .
The end of a career
In fact , it is more likely to lead to a career than the typical rock journey , even if in your dreams you think that all the steers that smoke from grass in their father ’ s garage and wipe out three agreements on a primary school level will surely become stars .
And worse than ridiculous : it creates a completely artificial distance between the Western public and the people studied – distance from racism , because sacred ethnologists present these distant people as infinitely superstitious and tampered with ritual bigotry .
Unless you interpret imprudently in the opposite direction .
Either , but rather than saying that the flashpoint is unholy , is it not better to admit that our Marianne and our Molies are not too sacred , too ?
Our way is as follows .
That is all very interesting .
It is deco ephemre to mourn the vacuum .
There is nothing more to be gained from this .
I would like to thank you for that , thank you very much . Thank you .
The recent Pantheonization of illustrative figures in the Republic is an illustration that the feeling of sacred still lives .
They still believe in archaeologists !
Any other discipline would throw out unscientific interpretations that permeate the life of a mandarin , rarely less .
When is a criticism compared with disciplines to laugh a little ?
Because what applies to archaeology also applies to interpretations of other disciplines .
This would provide a dose of salutary modesty .
Your contempt for archaeologists is completely unjustified !
It is thanks to them that treasures , valuable testimonies to reconstruct history , understand societies , and the example here of comparative archaeology is exciting .
This method is not old , and the archaeologists used to be “ instincts ” and their knowledge .
Nowadays , we have such good technical and scientific means that interception is better but can always be called into question by other discoveries !
We are in the middle ( and old ) controversy over the championship advanced by the prehistorian Jean Clotes ( cf his book “ the Chairmen of Prehistory ” ) , particularly the increased upsurge in scientific controversy , which was held in the House of Reves .
Thank you for this very instructive article .
Momass men love the sex ?
I could put it to you .
So that is the end of us .
I do not really understand why we cannot continue with three ?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious .
Do you really need to fall into the hoicycle ?
No , but we are not against a theatre .
We would not be able to look at a musical comement on this .
You could expect that sort of comment from you .
It seems that Mary Whitehead has returned from the dead .
Since your test offer is almost complete , may I suggest that you move to Catholic Times .
I am sure you will feel more at home .
He prefers .
May I suggest that we all seek a newspaper that pays genuine journalists , courageous , to write on the Middle East , Ebola , etc . At their peril .
Rather than being rife with these puriad jokes .
Not very mild .
Then let us go .
If you are so shocked , you are not obliged to take part , is this not the case ?
You also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola and that it is perfectly possible to do both and publish an article on gender ?
Is this the subject that shock you , or the fact that people are rife ?
Nevertheless , there is the amateur video of the crash on the net ...
Mo on the net ?
If the FOM has chosen not to show these images , it is only to protect its interests under no circumstances .
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots , it would have got out of the bag , because at the moment or another vehicle ( for example ) went on the circuit .
But it was necessary to end quickly before the typhoon , which was known to arrive , but for which the FOM did not consider it appropriate to advance the time of departure ( TV law , pub , money … ) .
But , apart from that , they protect pilots .
I also agree with this view .
But there is also the fact that , if the very bribery FOM makes the SC enter the SC , it will allow Nico Rosberg to have a chance to beat English that then led …
You leave my dear Dayton to the blog .
But that is not serious , but I have a little time to start all your debates .
No , it is not , just not .
There have been plenty of conspiracies in F1 , but never one that puts Commissioners at risk of death for a long history of the possibility of a pilot victory at the expense of another .
It is not the FOM that is getting out of the bag because it is the IFA .
There is a great deal of Nature .
In view of the amateur images , the absence of an image enables the IIA to avoid troublesome issues : how is it that the Commissioner is a green flag in full intervention and continues to do so after the accident ( see the full video after the accident ) ?
No , it is not because video is deemed too violent that the IIA is blocking images of the accident , but because one of the Commissioners is clear about a green flag , a sign that the race can resume normally and that one is more under the yellow flag .
Some comments show a dark ignorance of the F1 .
Yes , dear Econis , the race is no longer under the regime of yellow flags , the place of the accident , hence the green flag .
That is the usual procedure .
The post of commanders just downstream of the accident ( depending on the case , it may be 10metre as at 100meters after the accident ) is green to tell the pilots to resume a normal pace .
Sensationalism is selling the pub .
Before I thought that the media were part of the government &apos;s &quot; patriotic &quot; propaganda offensive , but I am afraid that , ultimately , it is just for money .
And sex , let us not forget sex , the fear of not having a sexual life , the pub and the media are good enough to sell things that are supposed to improve our sexual lives .
Infections do exactly the same .
To make the buzz with infants whose care we really do not need is just to continue frightening people so that they can continue to control them .
“ When the tabloid on Ebola , we all appeal to fear , ” it should be ‘ derailing ’ , not “ hasn ” .
In view of the medical reference , “ battering ” is much better said in this context than ‘ derailing ’ .
I wonder whether all the people who are afraid that Ebola could start spreading by air realise that they now believe in evolution ?
You are giving them too much credit .
They probably think that this is the end of the world and Ebola is just one of the signs of apocalypse .
Ebola is Antenrist !
You confuse Ebola and Murdoch ...
Thank you very much , thank you very much .
There is a short and concise article which makes this despicable pseudo-journalism a laughing stock .
That was a good thing .
It depresses me that the media talk about most things with that optimism .
The aim is once again to keep us scared and anxious ( without getting into hysteria ) for the government to get us off the ground when it needs it .
I think it is perfectly logical that if we have a budgetary urgency in the absence of any crisis , a terrorist emergency without any attack , why not have an Ebola crisis without any proven case ?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises that it itself invented .
Is there not something fundamentally problematic about the idea of governing by fear ?
Congratulations for this post , and to be still in the world almost 35 years later .
In addition , it had to be horrific , given the context of the 1980-90 years .
I am bluffed , living with the certainty of going through it for years ...
It is completely unnecessary .
As always when we talk about science .
Not only does the testimonies serve no purpose : they cannot be used as scientific material .
But they have a detrimental influence on the objective appreciation of the facts .
It is not a scientific material . It is not a scientific material .
That is perhaps why we are abstaining from asking patients in psychiatry when we have reliable observations from the relatives .
My psychiatric dossier mentions that my psychiatrist explains that I have been educated telephically by her mother .
This is therefore an objective symptom .
When I say that it is the headscarf , it is a subjective testimony .
Ah , because the attestation of a fact ( including this testimony , which testifies to the contamination and effectiveness of new treatments ) is pointless in a scientific approach ?
Where do you base the research , then ?
On fantasies ?
Do you have the same level of fanciful theories and facts ( which give rise to verifiable evidence ) ?
“ Resivity ” : the word bidon of grandmothers , J-L Delardu fans , who are taking great psychologists after reading D .
Fourth , there is a full lack of sense in the psychosis of the psyche .
Cyrulnik has taken the lead .
As is a great scientist , Cyrulnik , I hope he will have bribed a reliable scale of measure to quantify it , this famous resilience .
I wonder whether the air profiles could save us from Farage and company ?
Do you not think of Team America ?
Strictly speaking , it is not a good idea to point out the air profiles ...
And why is this so ?
It was a gentle series and it would seem that those who come out of it are aware !
Let us therefore salute the all-powerful who can do miracles .
But how are they going to do so ?
The only solution that springs to mind is that of pig-like humour , which would kill the series .
It was already a series of children .
Children were on the hook .
Ah , because it is a series of children ?
UKIP is working for Mysters .
Take your Team America .
Again , in the case of Supermarriages ?
It will not be the same if we do not see the son and the animation .
I look forward to seeing this ( though an adult ) , but I hope that will give the idea to a chain of redistributing the old .
The series has almost never stopped being broadcast here in Australia ; for at least 40 years , we have episodes of one hour on Saturday and Sunday at 06 p.m.
Since the arrival of free digital television a few years ago , it is on one of the second-class commercial channels and can always be seen at these hours .
And the episodes of half an hour now go to 05 : 30 from Monday to Friday !
I am probably a &apos; sad &apos; 60 years .
There is no &apos; Mount of the temple &apos; in or under the mosque !
Radical Zionists invented this to give political legitimacy to colonizing Jerusalem .
Moreover , all Israeli searches below the mosque of espades for decades have been unable to find .
There is a temple in the temple .
Can he be in Argentine ?
It is not intended for the simple reason that it was the hill on which the mosque of the mosques was built .
His summit , or dee of the Rocher , sits in the middle of Omar ’ s mosque .
For Muslims , Mohammed has grown in paradise from that rock .
For Jews , it is the Moriah Moriah where Abraham fails to sacrifice his son Isaac .
When it was taken and contextual , there is no propaganda , but information , dear K1K1 .
Israel also has its extremists , it is worth recalling it regularly , and they are unfortunately handed over to the government ( Naftali Bennet , Avigdor Liebermann , and even Netanyahu , and even Netanyahu ) accepted the two-state plan .
It is also good to show the extent to which the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful fact .
Is God able to recognise the sights ?
The shortest of Jewish joke : God
To boast of tourism in Israel , we often have young naïve naïve naïve naïve .
The reality is , as usual , quite different from what advertising shows us , as can be seen from the photo that illustrates the article .
It is a bit afraid .
This photo is a wonderful propaganda work !
It is a pity that the photographer of Reuters did not photograph the hundreds of Palestinians who were allowed to go back to the temple of the temple and who prefer to kick-start Jewish faithful Jews , praying to the Wall .
Four Mat , if this photograph disturbs you , is right , it is neither the newspaper nor the photographer , but the woman and ideology .
This system is not tenable and will end up in shame .
The only way to put an end to this system is revolution .
Since the economy appears to be in trouble , large companies have benefited enormously from their employees .
They have managed to convince their employees that they are fortunate enough to have a job and that they cannot afford to increase wages , while at the same time , and without hiding , they have given ever greater pay to the small elite at the top .
You are right , it is not tenable , but it will only change in that country when the workers really speak with one voice .
Instead of burying and glossing when someone else makes a strike , supporting them , showing a little solidarity and understanding that their strike is not just about their problems , it also shows your employer that people are not being punished with impunity .
Unless democracy is abandoned , in which case it is tenable .
I fully agree with that .
The only thing you have forgotten is that British and American companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where social and environmental conditions are the worst .
For example , China and India .
None of this can end .
It is because we are in democracy that it has been held .
Have you voted for the TTIP ?
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) aims to increase the profits of the societies held by these people by bypassing national governments by secret courts .
It seems incredible , but that is exactly what the dispute settlement mechanism between investors and states ( ISDS ) has proposed in the agreement .
The Greens are against this project and try to alert people about the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives .
It is only recently that we are beginning to talk about it in the media : Independent Guardan World Development , therefore , and you will understand what is being negotiated on your back .
Did Churchill not say &apos; blood , sweat and tears &apos; ?
This is an excellent fallacy , when digital money has no reason to fall , let alone push the trees .
The next weak link will probably be the car market .
This gentleman is right - in the XVIII there were trade unions .
In the great French army , there is a dimension sacrificed .
Leave it ( at last , its officers , others , nobody knows nothing ) to believe that France ’ s eternal values will be stripped , and will fight .
And then , with the decline of the country , globalisation , Europe , the crisis of values , in short : the dissolution of the idea of Nation , having this small relic .
Even if it is becoming more and more uncomfortable .
You still lack the snapshot of married men , calibraries , married women , calibraries , lost dogs , and I do not know what yet again .
If you do not write the French correctly , I am trade .
You are warned , that will be your fault .
For the defence of categorical interests , the protected professions with trade unions are already suffering enough , which has created a break of equality with other citizens .
We are asked not to laugh about the fear of risk by an official .
We can very well imagine a system that guarantees freedom of expression without trade unions , or without the right to strike as in Germany , in return for the protection they enjoy .
If we do not have a disaster , then we do not .
With the charts that are preparing , the government welcomes that .
What security are you talking about ?
Indeed , Ignorance ...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybilla I referred to the military and other officials , since this is the subject here .
Supply &apos; through its delegates &apos; in Article 8 of the preamble to the 1946 Constitution .
It will become &quot; 8 . &quot;
Every worker contributes to collective determination of working conditions and business management . &apos;
This is absolutely essential with the emergence of information power .
And yet you have opened up , presumably read , and then referred to an article specifically entitled &apos; The Great Bake Off Off ? &apos;
Look , the section was there .
I thought we had to start talking .
In any case , it was the marriage of Jeoffrey that I looked at , and I can tell you that some have been well thought-out .
In the Joffrey marriage episode , one of the best ( though deceptive ) moments was wine in television history .
So , from the lumble to ...
Game of Thrones !
I admire GBBO !
This is the second time in a row that , strangely enough , the emissions end with a victory for the least worst baker ; no one has made any kind of boom .
Perhaps the additional pressure of friends and parents outside has finally had an effect for them ?
In previous weeks , all these external people were kept out .
And there is also the idea of &apos; playing security , there is always next week &apos; which disappears the last week .
I like cooking , but I cannot imagine that .
I am grateful to those who do this and thus give us a super-entertainment and drive us into new things .
PBBO 2015 !
I agree that the last challenge last year , the marriage cake , was absurd .
Professional professionals usually have days to do so and they had to bail out one in 3-4 p.m.
The three challenges were really difficult to divide , and I do not know how they were able to choose a winner .
In Luis , the only real defect they could find was a rather dry basis ( though I agree with Hollywood that the green ice on Richard &apos;s mill did not envy , anyway , Richard . )
I have to say that several challenges in this series seem somewhat artificial due to the time available .
There is also the cancer that is taking place , with the wind wind .
Clearly , we are all successful at the moment .
There is a bad time for humanity , hopefully .
You confuse solar wind with ultraviolet rays .
Us are blocked mainly by the ozone layer , which is formed precisely by the impact of residual solar wind particles and UV .
So , even if the magnetic field weakened , there would not be enough solar wind to “ hunt ” the ozone from the stratosphere .
There would be even more , and therefore less UV and ‘ cancer ’ .
Fortunately , the ozone layer does not block UV .
They have a lot of useful functions that you do not suspect .
If we confine ourselves to human beings , they have the interest of allowing us to have bone ( synthesis of vitamin D ) , to heat us ( less than the inshore ) , to modulate our immune system and , apparently , to improve our morality .
The ozone layer is blocking carcinogenic UVs and leaving the UVA and most of the UVB .
You know that you are not obliged to be condescended and to see your interlocutor as a left when you make a comment ?
Especially for a minor precision which was implied in the comment , which is intended to be pedagogical .
Without saying that I am a accustomed to melting , the UV only makes ACCLER its development .
They do not have the POVOD .
The proof is that all bronzés do not necessarily have melanchomes .
Either , when a tubb tells you that we must avoid the sun and live at the bottom of a cane , it is better not to listen because the UV is necessary for every human being .
The excess , however , is like everything : it kills .
But for other reasons .
U. U.
Can it be condoned ?
And , more importantly , can it be done ?
or switching to the mixed .
I believe that the majority of those concerned have established that everything can be done if sufficient force is applied and the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable for the use it is intended for .
I believe that the army would need something more resilient and has thus not yet adopted the iPhone6 as a communication material on the front line .
For us , however , it is for us .
It remains a good choice .
The majority of those concerned have established that everything can be complied with if sufficient force is applied to it .
A Nokia 3310 .
Specifically , is it already in force ?
This joke is being made in every discussion .
I have decided to count them .
This is the fourth joke on the plage I read in the comments today .
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that .
Before specific software is installed , one can imagine that the telephone has been removed from the main production chain and it is hard to see how it could come back .
Therefore , hummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... ... ... ... ... ... ? ? ? ? .
The most likely thing is that it is a production unit on which the IOS has not been properly installed and is therefore stuck with the plant test code established .
I do not know how they are doing this .
But would they put test software on everyone ?
The photographs on Ebasy clearly show the lack of FCC or EC logo and the presence of a prototype trader .
The bobo article par excellence .
We want cheap products , and are we surprised that industrialists produce an “ industry , ” but all the teachers and small trade are concerned about how good , bio pac € 1650 ( average wage ) ?
But in response to your post , if it is possible to eat properly with a small salary .
After everyone is free to put his priorities where he sees fit .
For my part , food is one .
Go me without any hesitation .
It is known as bobos , or better bobeco , people who see the world through ideological “ software ” that leads them to disconnect themselves from reality .
It is the total think-together .
They are expert experts , for example , claiming to save the planet because they have avoided taking a shower .
They are also expert experts , joining the leftovers , which they sometimes come from , for example by condemning CO2 emissions while at the same time passing their holidays to the Maldives .
The vast majority of our fellow citizens do not bear this mixture of excessive ideology and tartum , as well as being surprised to often meet criticism of them .
Wath , thank you for this full and comprehensive theorization , and for all the associated details ( aeroplanes , doubters … ) .
I would like to be part of that , but I do not find myself .
The concept is not so complicated .
The bust is monobloc .
Do you understand the concept of gau-canry ?
Well , you are able to understand the concept of bobeco .
It is perfect copy .
The classification would be more complicated if we were to be interested in the ecolos .
The bobeco is part of it , but it is only the most visible part of the ecolos , because it is the one that feeds the media .
This is a fine girat .
Apparently , no one wants to look at this game .
It is so bad that it looks like a female nu .
Call , you are alongside the plate .
We must be part of the microcosm to understand the stunning beauty of this work .
But you simply have no legitimacy to make a comment because you have not spent countless decades studying and plaguing major artists .
What is important is not the fact that Emin does not know and seems obsessed with the same subject .
What is important is that it really has managed to become a great rich and famous with no artistic capacity .
It is not art .
No , it is a pig .
The fact that Emiin does not know how to draw it up
This is not really a proven fact .
Rather , it is an opinion .
Unless the only thing you can appreciate is realistic reproductions of dogs that smoke by playing the billboard .
Providing art may be problematic , but not in that case .
It is much more than just representing the real .
If you do not look for this , a camera will take the case .
The author also talks about the exessionism of Emiin .
Let us look again and let the image speak for itself , without comparing it with the kind of design you might like .
If so , why do you not do so yourself ?
There is still a need for savings : equities , the number of Republican guard horses or the status of generals who are no longer active ... .
The truth is that France is reducing its workforce , but as all countries have done , sometimes even more dramatically , starting with Great Britain .
It is only half encouraging ...
Operation without support quickly finds its limits !
A peculiar approach , at a time when we are seeing the weaknesses and shortcomings of our defence tool , particularly in the Sahel .
A bad blow for the local authorities concerned , which lose a dimension of their activities , or even part of their history .
Where is the promised sectorisation ?
4.edmond : that is what I said , look elsewhere where saving , but especially not at home , is really not possible .
That is exactly what you are proposing to do , looking elsewhere where there is certain rubbish .
Let all those who have sat on the military side dare to come here and tell us that there is no money wasted in this perimeter and that is not the case ...
Let us apply the same potion to the public service as a whole and public finances will go a little better .
And for Josi : look at the inflation of public jobs in the other ministries , and you will understand why defense can be a little charged !
Ben yes , the economies on which everyone agrees that they must be done , must it be seen somewhere , not ?
Manlic of pot , those on whom it falls to murder when it comes home , the poor cherish .
But , above all , it does not leave me because , in this case , it is a crime and not an economy .
It is going !
What is the closure of the Val de Grace going to weaken our defence tool in the Sahel ?
As for local authorities , history is repeated in every closure of post , maternity , hospital and cat .
Everyone is , of course , for economies .
It is bizarre , an UMP mayor who wants compensation and does not welcome the savings made in public spending .
This article is really the most astounding thing I have ever read !
This embarrassing moment in which the first three people who commit themselves make the same bad joke .
It is the depressment to bail out its Facebook threthrek and to see that 80 % of its friends began their statutes by the phrase &apos; this embarrassing moment &apos; .
I believe they will make it a film .
He will surely base himself on a mockery , where someone is drowning on his or her ex day in the bus by going to work and only seeing where his twin has returned .
It is not embarrassing , it is completely con .
Not really , in my view , the author is taking the role of the typical British man who has always been taught to bury his emotions and to tighten his teeth .
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush , the announcement of his return on the scene after 25 years of absence has been strong .
You realise that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to know who will have rights ?
I do not have the Internet .
So I do not think I can comment .
Do not have a computer .
My God has to go to the film before I die !
I do not believe that this article is the most incredible form I have ever read !
Charlie really has shown that it is at the top of the summit of the cosmic universe that is satirical journalism !
I would like to go into the reverse !
It is absolutely essential that I share all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so that they finally have illuminating and discover the incredible hype and the insurmountable genius that hits Mr Brooker &apos;s greer .
Well , it was really zero .
Above all , if it is not women , or the vines .
I am a parasite .
This shows a positive change in democracies : the rise of regional policies and effective voluntary initiatives .
So far , we are confiscating the right to save our planet by states that are playing the crowds in every corner to save the planet .
We are therefore deciding to take things in hand .
Together with the Commissioner they have planted for energy , all these fine recommendations have got bogged down ....
Trafficking : Eolian and solar farms are tomorrow ’ s Rons .
This is funded by the curible .
Please stop this pro-nuclear speech .
Pollution is not limited to CO2 .
radioactivity is much more damaging in terms of its waste and in the event of an accident .
As long as the sector is not controlled in its entirety , it is better to confine itself to laboratories .
Renewable energy is our only salvation , provided of course that we drastically reduce our consumption .
Renewable electricity to combat CO2 emissions ?
France is in no way concerned .
Nuclear power is zero CO2 emissions to production and epsilsilon for other stages .
Electricity through wind or PV is already more than GES on other stages and , above all , gas , or worse coal as in Germany , to compensate for intermittent .
Replacing nuclear energy through wind or PV would run counter to the fight against CO2 .
Christian , I am not insulting you , I am a state Doctor in physical science 1981 , I have carried out research into nuclear physics , I challenge you to prove contrary to what I said .
For what I did not say , I did not say anything about Germany , in fact you did not respond to what I said and like all right-wing people demolishing the interlocutor I never do so .
I would also mention the conclusion of experts from the German Government : Germany ’ s current renewable energy programme is an unprofitable and inefficient way of reducing greenhouse gas emissions and should be stopped .
0 emissions if you do not include uranium extraction and construction , and if you do not count the greenhouse gas steam less than Co2 , it is true that two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant is water steam and a little in river water .
I stopped reading when you spoke of Pakistan as a &apos; giant of South Asia &apos; ... ! ! ! !
Last time , Pakistan won against Hunstan .
It does not surprise me , most Indians who make comments want to read and comment only on articles against Pakistan .
In fact it shows your spirit .
It would have been the same if they had described South Asia &apos;s giant India ...
I have nothing against some Pakistani players participating , but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable .
It would simply open a Pandora &apos;s box full of corruption and mafia .
With regard to the ISL , today &apos;s opening match has been surprisingly interesting , with Koltitico in Kkata imposing 3-0 against Mumbai .
Pakistan still has a long way to go .
Compared with the billions and billions that India spends on the IPL and now football , how could we ever compete with our &apos; noisy neighbours &apos; ...
The race for the cheap colot is paying for .
This is a pity for such a beautiful project .
In the case of the incident , the possible design defect is only too cold .
So perhaps we are not in a design defect , but in implementation ...
Unlike arid , a private company , it seems that otyz belongs to the Russian state ...
And if the rule is the same as the state is its own insurer .
They are likely to pay the satellites into frigates who know .
This is all the more unfortunate given that many media are retreating the only titles of articles - and many readers only retain these securities .
This creates a false impression against the content of the article itself .
I fully agree with you that the title is not appropriate and that it unfairly calls into question the project .
