Spectros jumped into Bogota above Bogota
The sports sportsman Jhonathan Florz jumped on on Thursday of a helicopter above Bogota, the capital city of Colombia.
Equipped by a wound (a combination of wings), it rose to 160 km / h above the famous Monserrat sanctuary, located at more than 3 000 metres of altitude, where many badings gathered to observe its feat.
A black box in your car?
While road planners in the United States find it difficult to find the money to repair the motorway infrastructure that is decreed, many people see a solution in the form of a small black box that sets itself above the car scoreboard.
The appliances, which all record a motorist car and pass on information to officials, are at the heart of a controversial attempt in Washington and in government planning offices to redesign the obsolete system of financing the main American roads.
The sector, which is generally without planning interest, has suddenly caused a very lively debate and turbulent alliances.
The libertarians have joined environmental groups to press for the government to use small boxes to keep track of the miles you are talking about, and perhaps the road you are circulating, and then use the information to draft a draft tax law.
The Tea Party is landed.
The American Civil Liberties Union is also very concerned and expresses its concern about the protection of privacy.
And, while members of Congress cannot agree on whether to continue, several states have not waited.
They are looking for how, over the next decade, they will be able to move to a system enabling drivers to pay according to the number of miles travelled.
Thousands of drivers have already embarked on these black boxes, sometimes equipped with a GPS surveillance system, for an experimental defect.
This is absolutely essential for our nation.
“It is not as if we had a choice, ” Hasan Ikhrata, the chief executive of the Southern California Association Association, said that the state is beginning to record the miles of each Californian motorist by 2025..
There will be change in the way we pay these taxes.
The technology is there to do so.
The pressure comes from the fact that the country ’ s Highway Trust Fund, financed with the taxes that Americans pay for the pump, is financially dry.
Americans no longer buy as much petrol as they did before.
Cars can travel more than ever with a gallon.
The federal tax itself, which is 18.4 cents per gallon, has not increased for 20 years.
Politicians are reluctant to increase the tax even by 1%, while petrol prices are high.
'The gasoline tax is simply not tenable ', said Lee Munnich, a transport policy expert at Minnesota University.
His state recently installed traces of 500 cars to test a mine payment system.
“This appears to be the most logical alternative in the long term, ” he said.
Wonks calls this charges for mileage.
It is not surprising that the idea of the Liberals is that, since taxes could be used to change driving habits so as to reduce congestion and gas emissions, for example.
California ’ s planners are interested in the system as they develop strategies to achieve the goals set out in the state ’ s ambitious state laws on global warming.
But representative Bill Shster (R-Pa), Chairman of the Transport Committee of the House of Representatives, said that he also considered him to be the most viable alternative in the long run.
Advocates of the Reasson Foundation ’ s free market also appreciate the idea of making mine drivers pay.
'It is not just a tax that is engulfed in a large black hole ', said Adrian Moore, Vice-President of the policy to the Reasson Foundation.
People pay more for the benefits they receive.
The movement is also supported by two former American secretaries in Transports who, in a 2011 report, urged Congress to go down the road to mine payment.
The US Senate approved a pilot project of $90 a year that would have brought about 10 000 cars.
But the House ’ s presidency has killed the proposal, responding to the concerns of rural legislators, who have to travel many miles to work or cities every day.
There are, however, some states and large cities that make progress on their side.
The most determined is the Oregon, which has mobilized 5 000 drivers to carry out the country ’ s most important experience.
These motorists will soon pay the State for mileage charges instead of petrol taxes.
The Nevada has already completed a pilot project.
New York City envisages one.
Illinois is trying to test a limited number of lorries.
And the I-95 coalition, which includes 17 agencies involved in road transport in the US east coast (including Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Florida), is examining how it could implement change.
The concept is not a universal success.
In the Nevada, where around 50 voluntary motorists recently fitted their cars with an aircraft, drivers were worried that the government could follow suit.
“The concerns about Big Brother and such things are a big problem, ” Alauddin Khan said, leading the strategic management of performance in the Nevada Department of Transportation.
That is not something people want.
From the start of the trial, the Nevada of Nevada warned its site: “It would be relatively easy to transform these devices into fully-fledged localization devices. ”
There is no need to build an enormous and cumbersome technological infrastructure which will inevitably be broadened to keep people's daily taps and taps recorded.
The Nevada is one of the few states that are now struggling to find affordable technology that would allow the state to know how many miles a car is running, but without knowing where or what is happening.
If you can do that, then he added Khan, the citizens will be more comfortable.
The search for this technology has led some state agencies to call on a small start-up of California for the name of Tue Mileage.
Originally, society did not go to help motorists who pay taxes to the Member States.
It sought to penetrate the car insurance market, where drivers would pay according to their mileage.
But the appliances that it tests have plagued the planners of major axes because they do not use GPS and provide a limited amount of information, downloaded periodically by Modem.
'People will be more inclined to do this if you do not record speed and do not locate them ', said Ryan Morrison, Director-General of Tue Mileage.
Major errors have been made in the pilot programmes of certain states.
There are far less expensive ways and far less intrusive methods.
In Oregon, planners try experience by offering motorists different choices.
They can choose an aircraft with or without GPS.
They can still choose not to have any aircraft at all, preferring instead to pay for a package based on the average number of miles travelled by all residents of the state.
Other states hope to sell the concept to suspicious citizens by allowing appliances to do more, rather than not enough.
In the city of New York, transport officials seek to develop a tax mechanism that would also be equipped to pay for parking costs, provide “driving for driving ” insurance and create a set of real-time speed data from other drivers that drivers could use to avoid jumps. It is illusory.
“motorists would be encouraged to participate because of the benefits of the system, ” indicated a document on urban planning.
However, some transport planners wonder whether the whole debate on mine payment is simply a huge diversion.
To the Commission ’ s Metropolitan Transportation Area of San Francisco, officials say that Congress could quite simply deal with the Highway Trust Fund by raising taxes on petrol.
An additional single or annual tax could be imposed on drivers of hybrid vehicles and others whose vehicles do not consume much petrol, so that everyone pays their fair share.
“There is no need to resort to radical surgery when you simply need aspirin, ” the head of legislation and public affairs with the committee said.
If we do that, hundreds of millions of motorists will worry about the protection of their privacy and a lot of other things.
David Boie: four meats in eavesdropping
The English musician did not come to surprise this year.
From The Next Day, published in January, he concocted a luxury edition scheduled for November 4, with several meats.
Four have already emerged on the web.
The announcement of the publication of a new album of David Bowie left the whole world out.
On the day of his 66th birthday on 8 January 2013, he said that a new album would emerge in March.
After ten years of silence (the last discount, Reality, the date of 2003) and too few public appearances in public, the English musician demonstrated that we could still rely on him to scrap the pop stage.
A festival for his fans
Not tired of surprises, David Bowie had more of a rank in his bag with The Next Day.
The Thin White Duke plan to reconstruct this album on 4 November.
On the occasion he concocted a real festival for his fans.
This edition, entitled The Next Day Extra, will arise in the form of three records: the original album, unprecedented session sessions, and remnants, as well as a DVD containing the four clicks that have already been unveiled.
The Next Day Extra will contain a further ten titles compared with the original albue: the three pieces of the Deluxis, five special songs unveiled for the opportunity, as well as two remnants.
In fact, David Bowie made the presentations of this fine cofft in a video.
It introduces both records, but also the accessories with: exclusive exclusive photographs and photographs, a net to share their own impressions, a bookkeeping with words...
And, above all, he gives a foretaste of his new title, Atomica, typically in The Next Day ’ s vein, with the guts ahead and rock rock electricity that has been skilfully controlled.
Hundreds of Events
But Atomica is not the only title unveiled.
The Informing, Like A Rocket Man, Born In A UFO, is also available on the web.
The Informing is in double face: an ominous insider before a cavalcan cavalcade that is gradually slowing down and leaving room for a pop.
Out of Like A Man Man, did we want to make a small reference to the Rocklet Man, Man John Man, or even to Gravity?
With this title, the singer appears at least to be in his own part when he no longer has his feet on the ground.
Space Oddity, on the other hand, was much more serious.
With Bn In A UFO, David Bowie once again makes reference to his stranglehold: will he come from another planet?
The nearby riffers, the envoys of the earth, want to leave the earth.
In any case, we know that we are playing with these titles with these titles: an informer, a man on board a rocket, a Martian potential...
It conceals and reveals at the same time to adopt various personalities, as he has done throughout his career, particularly with his characters Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane.
It is not surprising, therefore, that he has a mammoth in the photograph of the campaign La Invitation in the Voyage of Louis Vuitton, whose new face he embodies.
He will appear in one of their advertising sspots, broadcast from 10 November.
The Defence Minister, Rob Nicholson, insisted that the injured soldiers were not summoned by the Canadian Armed Forces, and stressed that a transition process was followed by all soldiers before they returned to civil life.
Attached by Liberals and Democrats in the House of Commons, Nicholson assured Nicholson that before they were released, the members of the army would follow a transitional plan in collaboration with their superiors.
All the injured soldiers receive appropriate care for their return to civil life, and none of them have been released before they are ready, he said.
Critics accuse the government of wanting to save money by not allowing injured military personnel - who do not comply with the rule of the army's' universality of service 'requiring staff to be able to carry out a number of different tasks - to reach the 10 years of admissibility required for services. retire.
In particular, they cited two cases reported by the Presse Canadians, including the one of a soldier released last Friday.
Corporal David Hawkins, a London reservist, Ontariff, reached post-traumatic stress syndrome, has been released from the army despite its request to remain another year in order to receive a fully indexed pension.
His case after that of Corporal Glen Kirge, who told a parliamentary committee last month that he had been pushed out before he was ready because he did not meet the rule of universality of service.
Mr Hawkins pointed out that a soldier could be prepared with plans and consultation meetings, but that this was completely different from wanting to leave the ranks.
'I told them that I was not ready ', he said in an interview with La Presse Canadians on Wednesday.
For months, I asked whether there was a way for me to stay, and they said no.
Since the beginning of the major fighting in Afghanistan, the army has found it difficult to determine what latitude it can give to the injured soldiers who want to remain in the ranks, but who are not capable of fighting.
Under the current rules, the seriously injured soldiers have been injured up to three years to recover.
If they do not meet the criteria for deployments abroad, they can be forced to leave the army.
Data presented to Parliament last year indicate that among the 1218 soldiers released for medical reasons 199 had not reached the service period required for pension provision.
The liberal spokesperson for former combatants, Jim Karygiannis, asked on Wednesday for the reintegration of Corporal Hawkins, while the neo-democrat Jack Harris called for an immediate end to "this shameful practice."
Disney Troubals to launch a series of animated series of tablets
The American media and entertainment group decided to put tablets on its own television channels for the next round of children to emerge from a new set of children.
The first nine episodes of Sheriff Credit Wild West will be available from 24 November on the Batchrisyyjunior.com site or through its use for telephones and tablets.
Its global launch on the Disney Group ’ s channels is foreseen only in 2014, details of its Disney Junior division ’ s communiqué.
The animated design for children between 22-7 years of age tells the adventures of the Chatte Callie, a sheriff of a town in the West American, where it puts order with a magic lo.
Each episode includes two histories of 11 minutes.
'Inter-act with smartphones and tablets is a second nature for children today ', commented on Albert Cheng, Vice-President of Disney / ABC Television / ABC Television Group, mentioned in the communiqué.
This type of experience is part of Disney ’ s efforts to “extend the life of its series and build new relationships with its public thanks to more and more important digital platforms, ” added.
A survey published earlier this week by the Commission showed an explosion in the use of mobile devices by young children in the United States: 38% of less 2 years of age have already served a tablet or a telephone, and 72% less than 8 years old, compared to 10% and 38% respectively. Two years ago.
Snowden is prepared to “cooperate ” with Germany on the issue of US surveillance.
Edward Snowden, the whistle-blowing, said that he was prepared to go to Berlin to testify before the German parliament if the US National Security Agency and its director Keith Alexander were not providing answers on their activities.
The German MEP Hans-Christian Straöbel on Thursday met Mr Snowden in Russia, where he has the right to asylum, to discuss his testimony in Germany.
In a letter which the honourable Member presented to the media in Berlin Friday, Mr Snowden said: 'Although the result of my efforts was obviously positive, my government continues to treat the difference of opinion as a leak and seeks to penalise political discourse with accusations against which it is impossible to defend itself'.
However, to tell the truth is not a crime.
In his letter, Mr Snowden wrote that he believed that international support could persuade the US government to abandon criminal charges against him.
In the case of the complaint lodged by the US Department of Justice, he is accused of espionage and theft of state assets.
“If Mr Snowden is prepared to talk to German officials, Mr Snowden is prepared to make that possible. ”
Relations between the United States and Germany were tested following complaints that the NSA had been listening to German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’ s mobile phone.
Thomas Ophotn, the Member who heads the parliamentary group supervising the foreign secret services, indicated that if there was a chance to hear Mr Snowden as a witness' without endangering and completely ruining relations with the United States', it was necessary to take advantage of this.
Mr Stöbele, a German MEP, has published a photograph of him with Mr Snowden on his Twitter account.
During his visit to Russia, he was accompanied by two German journalists.
Mr Straöbel said that, according to the lawyer of the former NSA consultant, Mr Snowden could not return to Russia if he left the country.
If Mr Snowden were to testify in Germany, he would have to be assured that he would be 'security' there, he said.
Mr Snowden wrote in his letter that he had been subjected to a campaign of 'serious and sustained persecution' which forced him to leave his country.
However, he said that he was encouraged by the global response to ‘ my act of political expression ’.
Citizens around the world and senior officials – including the United States – thought that revelation of an inexplicable system of permanent surveillance was public utility.
The letter puts forward a offer of cooperation with the German authorities' when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved '.
Cogo Cable could soon offer interactive television.
Cogeco ’ s subscribers could well have access to applications like Facebook, Twitter, and the ultimate video service on demand Netflix via television in a future that does not seem so far away.
Cogeco subsidiary indicated Thursday that it is currently carrying out preliminary tests in the Betta version of this platform with some of its users.
'This will enable us to enhance user-friendly interfaces as well as more options', explained the President and head of the management of Cogeco, Louis Audet, in a meeting.
Cogo Câte is similar to his competitors, such as Bell, even though Cogeco ’ s subsidiary has no precise date for this new platform.
'We must adapt and change or resist change ', Mr Audet pointed out.
The ultimate goal remains to offer tools to which our customers currently do not have access.
The Telecommunications giant Rogers has already indicated that it could offer Netflix if some technical details, which were not mentioned, could be settled.
In the United States, the popular video service says that it is in discussions with some major distributors so that its service is available via their distribution platforms.
The CEEC-Coeco and Cogo Cage also welcomed the Harper government ’ s announcement in its Trojne speech on October 16.
Ottawa wants to force cable and satellite television providers to offer customers the opportunity to pay the services.
'It is about two and a half years' that we say that the idea of forcing consumers to buy large chains of channels, it does not work, said Mr Audet.
It hopes, however, that the consultations carried out by the Canadian Council on Telecommunications and Telecommunications (RTTC) will lead to interesting recommendations.
'It will have to emerge from these discussions a new kind of reference framework to define our new television policy in Canada on television ', and Cogeco said it.
The RTC has held consultations with the public since last week and they should continue next spring with industry next week.
On the results side, Cogeco indicated that it had recorded a net benefit of 43.8 million in the fourth quarter, or 82 out of action.
This is a retrograde step compared to the net benefit of 44.9 million or 83 per capita for the same period last year.
The company established in Montreal explains this decline by means of depreciation costs linked to new acquisitions.
Cogeco acquired in 2012 the Atlantic Broadband cable, established in the United States, for EUR 1.36 billion.
This was the first major acquisition of the company after that which had failed in Portugal.
Last December, a company company in Vancouver also bought Per 1 Network (Vancouver) for the sum of EUR 526 million.
As for Cogeco ’ s income, they grew by 41.5% in the fourth quarter to 54.7 million.
They are EUR 1.8 billion for the current financial year.
The net benefit of its main subsidiary, Cogeco Câble, was 43.9 million, or 90 per capita, in decline compared with the 45.7 million, or 93 per capita, of the same period last year.
Cogo Cable income has, however, increased by 45% to 470.4 million.
The company lost 15 237 customers in the fourth quarter.
However, for the 2013 financial year, the number of Cogeco Cable customers is increasing 5546.
Mr Audet is not concerned about the number of customers fluctuating in this way.
For me, this is not an indication of a change of trend, he has observed.
It varies from one quarter to another with very high competition.
Beef in Beef products
Hhorse meat has been found in canned bovine boxes, sold by two small British schoolteachers with low-cost distribution, announced today the food hygiene agency.
routine tests revealed that the products, drawn up in January in Romania and sold by the Homeland Host and Quality Save chains, contained the DNA DNA of 1 to 5%.
'Since horse meat is not mentioned in the list of ingredients, it should not have been present in the product ', explained the British agency.
A scandal concerning the presence of horse meat in cooked food broke out in Europe at the beginning of the year, following the tests carried out in Ireland.
According to examinations by the European Commission, France has been the country most affected by the presence of this type of meat in products which are supposed to contain only beef.
A collision between two vehicles was wounded, early on Friday, on the 131 road in Lanaudière.
Shortly before 4th, a motorist who was moving in the north, in St Felix-Valois, lost his mastery and lost a car that came in the other direction.
The four occupiers of the two vehicles were injured, but there was no fear of their lives.
The movement was back to normal at 6th Friday, Friday.
Frontier Airlines plans to make luggage pay for hand luggage
Frontier Airlines plans to make up to $100 for passengers carrying hand luggage on flights.
Bans Airlines envisages starting to make up to $100 for a hand baggage and $2 for a coffee or a soda coffee, though in his announcement on Wednesday, she said that passengers could take the unopen cante with them to the plane descent.
New handbags of luggage concern the bags in the higher compartment, so the small bags installed under the seat will always be free.
Bans said that she would pay $25 if the costs were paid in advance and $100 if travellers paid only once at the door of boarding.
The Frontier spokesman, Kate O'Malley, said that $100 was planned to induce travellers to pay the costs in advance.
“We do not want to make that price, ” she explained.
The airlines have begun to make the first and second luggage registered in 2008.
Passengers who tried to avoid these costs made as many things as they could in hand luggage in higher compartments, so there was often no room in these compartments.
These costs are a means of ensuring that passengers transport fewer things on board.
Od Malley said that these new costs will not really be used to collect money.
It is a question of making the most faithful clients understand that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find room in superior compartments.
Passengers who buy their ticket on the airline site will not have to pay.
For example, a passenger queuing at an boarding pass Frontier may transport a bag free of charge, while the next person in the queue may have to pay $100 for a similar bag.
Od Malley explained that the site and the Frontier registration procedures are changing to ensure that passengers know the existence of these costs before arriving at the door.
Frontier luggage fees will not be applied before the summer, although no date has been set.
Passengers often run roughshod over baggage and other costs, but the airlines love them.
They believe that the costs of handling luggage are important and that passengers who want this service should pay it.
Many people on Wall Street see the addition of luggage charges as a sign that airlines are making enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses.
Many of them, however, have not reached the cost of luggage.
Spirit Airlines Inc. had applied early luggage costs three years ago, and the low-coco-Alleaning company followed a little later.
The only other company that imposes such charges is the Hungarian company Wizz Air, has declared the consultant to Jay Sorensen, who is closely following the costs.
In a December 2011 report, he estimated that Spirit ’ s hand-baggage charges reported $50 M per year.
Sorensen, a former Midwest Airline framework, recently traveled on Spirit and wondered what he would find at the boarding door when passengers would discover the unusual hand of hand luggage imposed by the company.
He said he had never seen such a fluid boarding procedure throughout my professional career.
I was expecting teeth and a glut to burst on the door.
The plane was full, he added, 'passengers are on board at the speed of the light'.
Frontier is also Spirit and charges $2 for a coffee, a tea, a soda or fruit juice.
Frontier people have indicated that passengers who take a soda or fruit juice can take the cante that is not open with them, and those who take coffee can be served free of charge.
It will always distribute water free of charge.
US Airways briefly tried to make beverages pay in 2008, but back seven months later after passengers complained and no other large airline followed.
The decision by Bans Frontier to make hand luggage fees when passengers do not purchase their ticket directly from the airline is his last effort to encourage clients to go on his website.
Airlines pay for online travel sellers like Orbiz 10-$ 25 for each ticket sold.
This prompted all airlines to encourage passengers to buy directly from them instead of addressing an online travel agency.
However, Frontier has gone further in this area.
In September, it began to offer only half of the fidelity to customers who buy their ticket via an online travel agency.
On Wednesday, it reduced the premiums for miles by 25% on a journey.
For example, a frontier travel trip to an online travel agency for an online travel agency will make it possible to win 250 miles.
It also allows passengers to choose their seats in advance only if they purchase their ticket directly on the Frontier site.
Frontier has a faithful clientele in his home town, Denver, but his activity is declining and she is losing money.
revenue fell by 9%, and its flight capacity fell by almost 13% in the first quarter, according to financial results published by its parent company, Republic Airways, Intel.
Republic has tried to correct Frontier finances by selling the airline.
The NSA calls into question an "internal error" and not the hackers for its site.
On Friday, the shadowy National Security Agency declared that it was a bunch that caused the public site to bite for a few hours, not hackers, as some might have said online.
'NSA.gov has remained inaccessible for a few hours this evening because of an internal error that took place during a planned update ', indicated the spying agency in a statement by email.
The problem will be solved this evening.
Claims that the failure was due to an attack on the denial of a distributed service [DSD] are false.
Earlier this evening traces of online servers noted that the NSA site had been broken for at least 6 hours, and some users still cannot access the site.
Earlier, a NSA spokesman told ABC News that the agency ’ s sensitive internal network was not “at all ” compromise.
No classified information is in danger, has explained the spokesman.
At least a group of online haacktivists claimed to be responsible for the NSA ’ s failure to attack DSD.
DSD attacks are aimed at flooding a targeted site until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses.
Cyber tactic is not very sophisticated, and attacks are not intended to penetrate the internal network of the targeted system.
The once-covert NSA, the time known as “No Such Agency, ” found itself in the spotlight and strongly criticized in recent months as a result of a wave of revelations about its extensive national and foreign communications surveillance programs. – who is part of the NSA secret files and leaked by the NSA ’ s former disenchanted consultant, Edward Snowden.
This growing controversy around the agency led to much speculation that this evening ’ s incident was the result of a targeted cyber operation.
The Delta Ccentre now closed
The Delta Ccentre Hotel Ccentre Villes closed down on Thursday in Montreal, after 36 years of existence.
The investment fund that had the edifice sold it to promoters who will turn it into student homes.
Three hundred and fifty people were working in the hotel.
Of these, 200 have still not found a new job.
Delta promises not to let down its employees.
Employers have come to meet employees directly there, they have been met individually to assess their needs.
'This will continue for the next six months', explains the regional director of the work relations of Hedtel Delta, Félix Bisson.
The closure of the Delta takes place in a highly competitive hotel market.
The investment fund that owns that builder had choices to make.
Either he reinvested in the building to continue to operate, so there was investment of tens of millions while the competition is very ferocious, there are many new hotels that emerged in Montreal.
'Or it would sell it to someone else, and that is what happened ', explains Paul Arsenult, the holder of the UQAM Car of Tourism.
Other Montreal hotels will also be converted in the next few months, such as the Crown Plaza, which will become a residence for older people.
In the meantime, four hotel projects totalling around 600 chambers will see the light of day in two years' time.
For the CEO of Titan, “The Project of Goodar Amirean is starting with zero employee employee. ”
Having shrouded the buck in January for the partial recovery of the North ’ s Goodyear site promised to close, Mauritius Taylor ’ s chief executive CEO, Mauritius Taylor, now declares that he is ready to save 333 out of 1137 jobs on 1 137. The factory.
Arnaud Monteburg, the Minister for productive recovery, announced that on Monday 21 October.
Having given up on the draft purchase of the plant in January, you are now.
You had made violent attacks and insults, talking about so-called 'so-called labourers', who 'work three hours' a day, 'mad' trade unions, with a view to CGT.
We do not understand this U-turn.
Is it to please Mr Monteburg?
I am not trying to please anyone.
Except for my wife.
Mr Monteburg, is a young man who is trying to save some of the best paid industrial jobs.
If I have been injured by my words, I am sorry.
France, however, has a high level of tax and unemployment.
Does the truth lie with you?
France is working seven hours a day when it works eight hours in other countries.
In India, in China and in the full of other countries, we are working 10 to 12 hours per day.
But I have no prejudices about France.
What I see is a factory which produces good agricultural tyres, has good equipment, is located and has space to grow.
Why does Titan need this plant so much?
Titan does not need to buy this plant.
But, with the right price and the skilled workers, it is worth trying.
What kind of agreement are you waiting for between GTT and Goodyear?
If, since the announcement of the closure of the plant, Goodyear had offered employees a good start allowance, I think 100% of employees would have accepted it.
Now, imagine that Titan buys the closed factory to Goodyear.
So Titan could move the machines to Poland or any other country in the European Union that still has its own currency.
I think Mr Monteburg knows that.
But he wants to keep the factory in Amine with at least 333 well-paid jobs.
Titan agrees to recruit some of the 1 200 current Goodyear employees.
So Mr Monteburg needs a commitment from Titan before trying to get the CGT to sit down at the table with Goodyear.
The first step is for the CGT and Goodyear to reach an agreement on the departure allowances for all employees.
So there will be no employees at the factory.
Mr Monteburg said that you were ready to guarantee these 333 jobs for four years.
Do you confirm that?
The only number I mentioned to the Minister is 333.
I know he would like a four-year guarantee.
However, as I said, the CGT and Goodyear must first agree on starting allowances.
If all employees accept them, the plan to purchase the factory is starting with zero employed.
How can we provide guarantees of working time when there are no employees left at the site?
If Mr Monteburg succeeds in ensuring that CGT and Goodyear come to an agreement and that Titan buys the plant, we intend to remain in Amiens-North more than four years ago.
Bombodier ’ s benefit, while deliveries and orders of aircraft are shrinking.
Bomlarer Inc, Canadian aircraft manufacturer, has reported a 15% drop in its net profits on Thursday, under pressure from orders and aircraft deliveries in the third quarter and contractual problems in its Troika division.
Bomblarer, based in Montreal, has also not provided flying data for her new CSergean aircraft or any information on whether the aeroplane will comply with its ambitious business agenda before September.
Following the inaugural flight of the trial aircraft about a month and a half ago, it only stolen three times, and the question then was whether the trial phase was on track.
The results did not match up to forecasts, and the share price fell 8% on the Toronto stock market.
Cameron Doerksen, analyst in the National Bank Financial, lowered its rating on Thursday, from “overperformance ” to“ sector performance ” because of the stock exchange ’ s low growth potential in the next quarter or two quarters.
"Although the fall in aircraft deliveries has largely been anticipated, we are truly disappointed by the profit margin in the Transport Division ', declared Cameron Doerksen in a note to customers.
We believe that Bomblarer will register new orders for his CSeries aircraft as the flying test programme moves forward.
However, if no new orders are announced in the coming months, we expect the market to become more sceptical about the programme.
Bomblarer hopes that CSergean ’ s family will be able to catapult it into the lower segment of a market that is now dominated by Boeing and Airbus.
The first test plane was unveiled in March and took over for the first time in September after months of delay.
But the number of firm orders for CSeries ’ aircraft has so far been modest, as it appears that potential buyers await flight tests to validate the company ’ s energy efficiency and potential savings of new airliners.
At present, society has recorded a total of 403 orders and commitments to purchase from 15 customers and operators.
Pierre Beaumust, President and head of management, is convinced that Bomblarer will reach his goal of 300 firm orders before the first aeroplane is used.
Leaders also reassured analysts and the media on Thursday that the programme was moving in line with the timetable.
"The test plane has not remained on the ground longer than anticipated," stated Mr Beaumust at a telephone conference, adding that ground trials and software updates were planned during the time when the plane was shut down.
Each manufacturer is planning differently.
We decided to take a first flight and to provide for a period of updating, and that is what we have done.
This will be repeated throughout the flight programme.
The second test of five test planes is expected to fly over the next few weeks, while others will follow shortly afterwards.
Yet analysts are skeptical that the first customer can fly CSeries only 12 months after his inaugural flight.
Bomblarer has indicated that she is in the process of assessing the timetable for entry into service and will provide new information in the coming months.
“This slowness in flying – though apparently in line with Bomblarer ’ s internal timetable – reinforces our view that entry into service will be postponed until the first quarter of 2015 ’, which Mr Doerksen said.
In the third quarter of September 30 September, Bomblarer ’ s net benefit fell to $147 M, or 8 cents per Action, compared to $172 M, or 9 cents per Action, a year earlier.
The result of adjusted action remained unchanged at 9 cents.
Inincomes have fallen slightly from $4.2 to $4.1 trillion.
Analysts expected a result of $10 cents per Action and $4.56 per income, according to Thomas Reuters Reuters / E / E / E / S.
The fourth aircraft manufacturer in the world indicated that it had delivered 45 aircraft in the quarter, compared to 57 a year earlier.
The net orders fell to 26 aeroplanes, compared to 83 before.
The delay in the Aeronautics division was $32.9 Md until 30 September, unchanged from 31 December of the previous year.
"In Aeronautics, the results were in line with our forecasts, but the low number of orders and general market conditions were disappointing ', stated Mr Beaumust.
Aeronautics ’ s income fell 13% to $2 Md.
Bomlardier, the world ’ s largest railway manufacturer, said that the income of this division had increased by roughly 11% to $2.1 trillion.
The commanding commander of the Transport Division totaled $32.6 until 30 September, a slight increase compared to 31 December of the previous year.
The margins of the Transport Division have suffered from implementing problems relating to a few large contracts.
The leaders announced that new indications would be provided in the fourth quarter.
The course of Bomblarer's actions, which also announced that Patrick Pichette, the head of the Google Inc Financial Management Board, would sit on the Management Board, fell from 8.5% to Canadian USD 4.83 on Thursday afternoon.
Brazil's company Embraer SA, third world aircraft manufacturer and Bombardier, on Thursday indicated a 10% reduction in its quarterly profits.
Two 23-27 years were missing from an abyss under the Death Death since Thursday evening, with the rescue of the Isère Relief Sputo on Friday.
They were located this Friday afternoon.
The two men, a crawl in practice and the other not, were on earth on Thursday at 9.30 p.m. to make a crossing from the Death of Class on the municipality of St Pierre de Chartrous.
At that time, we had no news of them since then, and that was the same source.
'Spéeologists should have come out around 5h in the morning ', said Thierry Larrebe, a technical adviser to the rescue organisation.
Dozens of people on the ground
Some 20 securists, ten civilian members of the French rescue council, and police officers, CRS and fire fighters were there.
At the end of this afternoon this Friday, the two scales were localised.
'He is another group of pelleologists who have found the information to one of the network rescue teams after being exhausted but in good health, 'explains Le Dauphall.
The two soldiers at the 13th battalion of Chamberry Alpine Chassers were found 'exhausted but not injured'.
They lost in the grid, returned to their steps while waiting for relief, made the prefecture clear.
Renourished, they should come out of the cavalier with the aid of the rescue workers in the evening.
Germany ’ s Journalists Going Goole and Yahoo
The German journalists' union invited its members on Thursday to stop using Google and Yahoo online services following new revelations about the activities of US and British intelligence services.
'The German Federation of Journalists recommends that journalists avoid the use of Google and Yahoo's search engines and messaging machines', she says in a communiqué.
The “scandalous ” Washington Post ’ s information, according to which British National Security Agency (NSA) and GCHQ (GCHQ) have gathered masses of information by infiltrating the international networks that allow both firms to synchronize Their servers.
"The research carried out by journalists is as confidential as the details of their sources and the nature of their communications with them," added Michael Konken, the president of the trade union, who claimed 38,000 adherents.
These are painted: a Member is asking for the resignation of Brigitte Groutwels.
Mr Brigitte Grouchels' plan to read 'traffic lights' in Brussels does not suit everyone.
Just to remind you, Mr Brussels of the Puxelloi Puxine and Transport Minister on Thursday in the centre of Brussels launched a test project to repaint 16 poles of traffic lights in the region at the yellow and blue colours of Brussels.
The aim is to 'increase security' and 'Brussels identity'.
The idea is, in the long run, to re-paint all the traffic lights in Brussels at an estimated cost of around EUR 1 million.
But the blue card chosen by the Minister is' too blank ', according to Mr Brussels of Bock, who talks about the' Flemish 'of the capital and calls for the' resignation 'of Brigitte Grouwels.
No content of spending skilfully spending from Brussels in operations to reconnect poles of signalling poles at the Brussels Rregion, Brigitte Grouwels continues with the Capital of Culture, Mr De Bock restores Mr De Bock. In a communiqué.
After his taxi jaune-mangue-mangue-black taxis, she has finally repainted in the dark blue blue blue in Brussels.
According to the honourable Member, there is no longer any difference in visual continuity between Flanders and Brussels'.
Brussels Brussels deserves better than to see their money squandered by a CD Minister & V that is itself carrying out the NVA programme.
It is high time that the Trojan horse of Flanders was stopped.
'To remind you, Brigitte Groutwels was elected only with 2 245 votes or 0.5% of Brussels! 'Mr De Bock concludes.
Pont-Bucis ’ s Pont--Bucis pipe
The eco-tax pork of Pont--Buis, on which there was a violent demonstration of opponents of this tax on Saturday, was dismantled on Thursday morning.
Banes arrived shortly after 10 hours, and the movement on the national scene has been hijacked in the process.
The decision on decommissioning, announced by the Finisterre Prefecture on Wednesday, was taken by Ecomouv, the manager of pigmeat.
This is the last of the three eco-tax pigs operating in the Department of the Finisterre, the other two have been dismantled or sabotaged.
Going from a by-shop for Google Glass
A online shop, offering multiple accessories to Google Glass, has just been made available to thousands of developers with a prototype of the connected, Google, Gogle.
In this way, they can acquire a headphones, a charger, or even a tipping up.
This shop, strictly reserved for developers who already have Google Glass, proposes some accessories such as a charger and cable for $50 to $50.
For the same price, it is also possible to acquire a protective house manufactured at microfibre or an intractable headphones.
Although Google is currently working on a model of Google Glass equipped with correction glasses, no large-scale marketing date has yet been confirmed.
It is already five years since my father erased from the world of living.
At the beginning I denied his death, I was talking about him at the moment,
I was so afraid to forget that, or rather, I did not know how I was going to continue to 'attend'.
There is no such thing as a recipe, a form of employment to go through the wall of the invisible and its own.
Then there were signs.
The first time was the very strong sense of his presence on the passenger seat when I was driving.
Another time, a dawn reawakening in the middle of the night to look at his shows who no longer leaves me, asked on the night table.
It is the image of my smiling father who accompanies me in my daily gestures.
Our mother left after her fight against cancer.
That, at least, is what I thought the day I found his body empty, crystallized on this hospital bed with shredded flags.
Similarly, his funeral was an icered farewell focused on the meagre glimmer of the cannons that framed his coffin.
I thought it was part of it.
Little by little, by small fractured or nocturnal events, a little timid, somewhat erased, she quickly returned to my mind, moving along with her place in the landscape of my thinking, which believed himself to have been in mourning.
And then it turned out to be, at the same time as revealing my own facets, which I had not yet seen, masked by my relationship with it.
I have therefore learned and understood that I had not lost the person of my mother, but simply a woman whom I did not really know, a woman who embodied that person during his stay in life.
By dying, this woman had perfect her life and released the person I helped, and here I found her, full and full.
This detachment from my life remains the most unexpected and beautiful.
It is a privilege to know that people never leave us.
I look like my father, 'both inside and outside'.
I have always been told.
I never believed it at the time.
I had difficult relations with him until he became old, sick.
Here, I was no longer afraid of him and I was able to love it.
One day he died.
For a long time he accompanied me: when I stopped smoking, when I was afraid, when I had bad...
He was speaking, and constantly encouraging me, to live my body.
I saw his hands with mine, and I was giving him my body.
But that was never incremental.
I was able to have a personal life.
He left me intimate.
It took a long time and one day he left.
Finally, it was comfortable and reassuring to be understood, encouraged and advised.
I no longer know who said that people who have died are not forgotten but invisible.
My parents are no longer, but I am constantly making them close to me.
Every event, every moment in my life, makes me feel presence here because I always refer to it: what would they have said, what would they have thought, and what would they have?
I constantly dream of them, perhaps not all nights but several times a week.
I often dream of the last few moments that I have to share with them before it is too late, but there is always something that prevents me from doing this moment.
I often woke up when it happens to me and I deeply feel their absence.
On the contrary, some dreams are, on the contrary, part of my history and, indeed, they continue to live and share my life.
The eve of my emigration, where I had to know the sex of my baby, dreamt that I woke up, I was sitting out of the bed, my father expected me to be on the fence and he was smiling and rejoicing that I was waiting for a small boy.
The next day I had the feeling that he was visiting me in my sleep and told me that he was happy to share what happened to me.
And, of course, it was a small boy in my home.
I liked to share that moment with him and I am happy to tell this common memory after his death.
Just five years ago, my grandmother died as a result of cancer.
One year ago, she was travelling with my family in Cuba.
That means the shock that his demise caused the young basheir to whom I was at the time.
I have, in spite of everything, made my mourning quite quickly.
But it continues to influence my life, particularly at times when I find myself in difficulty, or when I have to take important decisions.
To call Arabic and to focus on the Middle East, to the point of turning it into a mass school, has not, with hindsight, been an anodus choice.
In fact, I often heard him speak Arab in my childhood, and talk about Morocco, where it had lived for decades, before returning to France at the time of independence.
The values that she has accused me are still present, so I can think of how she would like me to act at some point.
The same applies to my attitudes: I am trying to live up to the generosity and spirit of the spirit of belief.
From now on, I feel it is a daily presence, a benevolent soul, a salvage spirit.
I see his eyes on me.
My mother died nineteen years ago.
Death by speaking on the telephone.
I have gone through all phases: incomprehension, anger, pain, sorrow that is going on alone, anywhere, when, in unsolicited places, incongruus times.
Then time has elapsed.
The lack of, this vacuum without an answer, this need for it, to give me some reassurance to the creativeness of its soft power.
Yet it is there, there is a silent presence, it is there and it is watching me.
Every morning, I see his eyes worried, I see the halls that increase his gaze, the lakes around the lips of cigarettes, the platitudes that mark the days of concern.
My mother has taken my face with me and she is watching me every morning in my mirror.
Every morning, I turn a blind eye.
My wife and the mother of my 3 children died of cancer to 43 years.
There is a constant sense of protection, and nothing serious can happen to us.
It was his promise on his pain bed, so one has gradually learned to smiling, and pronounce his name is no longer taboo, but a comfort.
Of course, I am talking to him in the lust of night when the absence is too bad, she invites in my dreams when the morale has been achieved.
We feel that we have been protected and protected in difficult times, and that we have taken a step back from time to time, and we are trying to remain in the direction it had outlined.
If you have loved you very much, the absence of you can grub you out of the heart and memories.
In a way, being loved is becoming your domestic energy.
I lost my father on 22 August 2008 as a result of asbestos cancer.
I was very close to him, I always acted according to what he thought or what he liked.
I was unable to attend his incrimination and three weeks after his death, I was giving birth to a small boy.
If I have my sometimes different convictions, I always wonder whether my actions are in line with his vision.
I have also had problems in my work for these convictions.
For me, it is impossible to go in the opposite direction, I do not go and I always wonder what he will think about it.
I do not know whether I have adopted his or her way of being, or whether I am simply like him: it is genetic?
In any case, he will always be my reference.
It was a bit like a alter-ego, and there was no need to speak among ourselves.
In short, it is there on a daily basis.
I feel his presence and that makes me happy.
Almost 30 years ago my husband died at the age of 33.
I was 28 years old and our son 6.
The immense penalty, which then invaded me, has, of course, been toned down, but he is still close to me.
Very often he 'lanes' in my dreams in such a precise, vivid way that I am even saddened by the fact that it was only a dream.
The other night, he asked me whether I was going, I told him no, he replied 'I descend', but with such a real voice that I woke up, angued, anguish and switched on the horse of horses by looking everywhere, convinced that he was going to be. That is what we are doing.
I still live in the same house, and often I feel observed and I turn to see if he is not here, I know he and I speak to him.
I feel his presence here and that makes me happy.
For nothing, I would not leave this house where we were happy, or his spirit lives with me.
I have 58 years of age, as I have always lived alone, he is and will remain the love of my life.
I would like to make it clear that I am sociable with a profession of responsibility, I am very much in my hands and I am a grandmother, I am full of friends, but my heart and soul belong to her, and I am never talking to him except my son, and I am never going to go to the cemetery.
Iraq: October was the bloodiest month since 2008.
October 2008 was the most deadly month in Iraq.
This Friday, Baghdad published official figures: 964 people lost their lives last month: 855 civilians, 65 police officers and 44 soldiers.
This is the day when the Iraqi Prime Minister is received by the American President.
Noury al-Maliki wants help from the US.
'We are not telling the world to be on our side and to support us, we have the right to ask the world because we are part of it ', said Al-Maliki on Thursday in Washington.
And also because if what is happening in Iraq is not settled, it will expand, and what is happening in Syria will also be extended.
And what happens when a terrorism virus lives? It is spreading.
Noury al-Maliki spoke at the US Institute for Peace, an independent institution created by Congress.
Outside the building, demonstrators protested against the Iraqi leader.
They were blowing up banners accusing him, among others, of being a murderer and urging the US to refuse to provide aid.
Cocaine lawyer who informed a drug sponsor of a police investigation was imprisoned.
Basharat Ditta, 42 years ago, gave information to Neil Scarrough's crime lords.
The lawyer was afraid that his secretive addiction to drugs was revealed to be unproven.
He was sentenced to three years' imprisonment by the Liverpool Cassy court.
A great defence lawyer, who informed a drug sponsor of an important police investigation because he was afraid that his secretive addiction to drugs was revealed, was sentenced to three years in prison.
Basharat Ditta, 42 years, gave sensitive information to Neil Scarrough on his crime investigation into his activities related to drug trafficking after having compromised because of his habit of using cocaine.
The lawyer, who was called 'Bash' and considered by the criminals as a 'dossier of prime importance', was arrested at home in 2011 as a result of police eavesdropping operations to Scarborough, which he represented at a previous trial in connection with drug trafficking.
The police officers reaped Sarborough, 32 years, tabling three cocaine bags in the lawyer in Blackburn, Lancashire, when he attended a Barreau dinner with colleagues.
Surveys revealed that Ditta was a “regular consumer ” of this class A drug after testing showed cocaine in his hair ’ s hair, his portfolio portfolio, and his credit cards.
Over eight months between January and August 2011, he sought illegal information on the arrest of two men for Scarborough Scarborough and one of his associates.
The four suspects were monitored at the time by the police in an important investigation into the trafficking of heroin and cocaine in the counties of Lancashire, Cumbria, Merseyside, Berkshire and West Yorkshire.
With 32 other men, they were subsequently imprisoned after the police seized heroin and cocaine for a £1.5 M amount, as well as more than £200 000 cash during a series of raids.
Ditta, 42 years, provided information to criminals because he feared that his drug addiction would be exposed.
Today, at the Liverpool Court of Liverpool, which works in the office of Forbes Solidarity lawyers located in Blackburn, has fallen into disrepute after being found guilty on two counts of impediment to justice after a three-week trial.
He recognized the possession of cocaine during a previous hearing.
The fall of the lawyer came after the police, investigating Scarborough, discovered that he had been in regular contact with Ditta in February 2011.
Two investigators followed the suspect and relocated him to Ditta ’ s home and drugs, pure to 60%, under the lawyer ’ s dustbin in a black golf gate.
Soon after the deposit, Scarborough was regularly in telephone contact with Ditta, who was at a dinner at Ewood Park ’ s soccer stadium, the Blackburn Road Club.
The lawyer has returned home, discovered drugs, and they have telephone nine times.
The court heard that Ditta was a “regular consumer ” of cocaine after tests found traces of class A drugs in his hair, his portfolio and his credit cards.
Ditta was arrested later on, he denied using cocaine, and he said that he had spoken at the alleged drug of drugs because he was his client and argued that their discussions were subject to a "legal privilege".
During his arrest, Ditta picked up his portfolio and tried to withdraw several credit cards, but they were all seized and they were taken from a hair of hair.
In an interrogation he said that he had an office at his home, as well as at the workplace, and that customers came to him for legal questions at home.
But the court heard evidence that he called for major actors in the drugs trade, some of whom he had represented, after key arrests to tell them which investigators knew.
prosecutor Anne Whyte said: ‘ If anyone has to know that the law should not be violated, it is a criminal lawyer. ’
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal lawyer, and of having become too involved with particular customers.
The relationship we are talking about is not just a drug trafficking drug, but a drug trafficking drug that provides drugs to his own lawyer.
Some of its communications will undoubtedly be legitimate communications because it was his lawyer.
But it has gone far beyond the normal limits of a relationship between a lawyer and his client.
He has hindered the police investigation as much as he could to allow him to continue his criminal activities.
Mr Ditta did not honour his profession, but dishoned him.
He has moved too close to some customers, especially Scarborough, and he has allowed his independence to be compromised.
Ditta denied illegal agitation and said: 'If I was a corrupt lawyer, which I am not, and if I wanted to provide Mr Scarborough, I would not have waited until 3 p.m., I would have done so immediately.'
But after the hearing, the superstew Lee Halstead of the Lancashire Politics said: “Mr Ditta was a criminal criminal lawyer himself as he began obtaining drugs from criminal organizations. ”
His cocaine addiction jeopardised him forever and made him vulnerable to the ulterior motives of the leaders of organised criminal groups who asked him to obtain valuable information about police investigations.
Lawyers should observe the highest integrity rules and create a climate of public confidence.
Mr Ditta betrayed this trust and tried to hide behind his profession.
The serious and organised crime unit in Lancashire conducted the investigation into Mr Ditta, who was found guilty of the three charges of cocaine possession and now impeding justice, showing his commitment to prosecuting criminals in court.
Let this case serve as a warning to the criminals to know that no one is above the law.
We will find you and you will be brought before the courts.
Scarborough was himself imprisoned for 14 years after he was guilty of complicity in trafficking heroin, cocaine and cannabis.
Thirty-five other people involved in trafficking have been sentenced to a total of 153 years in prison for drug trafficking.
On his website, Ditta held a question / response session on himself in which he said that his dream would be a lawyer to represent clients on death row in America, his last guest to dinner would be Mohammed Ali and inequality would be what motivates him to do so. We need to work.
Aretha Franklin will go back on the scene in December.
The Detroit News newspaper reports that the Queen ’ s Queen will be on 21 December in the Hotel Sound Casino hotel room Sound Board.
In November, Mrs Franklin is dealing with the registration of an album for Clive Davis and Sony Music, produced by Don Was and Kenny 'Babyte'.
Without specifying the illness she suffered, the famous Respecting interpreter told the media on October 16 that the side effects of a treatment she received were 'difficult'.
It claims to be 'happy to be back'.
The cost of his Christmas illumination
There are 420 reasons, 2.2 kilometers from a mantle of light: one could almost be the hot kid in Moton with the bill for illuminating illumination.
It is a sham that, unlike many municipalities, is, in addition, regulated by taxpayers, and not by traders' associations.
In order to ease its costs, the city is using leds.
But there is also differentiated management of the public lighting network and Christmas decorations.
Los Angeles Airport after a shootings
A shooting took place at Los Angeles's international airport.
It was at the local level at 10.00 a.m. when a man opened fire.
According to the local police, there would be at least 2 injured.
It would be an employee working for the US Transport Security Administration (TSA) and the perpetrator of fire.
The incident would have occurred at the terminal 3, causing a wave of panic.
Passengers and staff have rushed down to outflows or to the tarmac.
Very quickly, police forces intervened and a man suspected of being the drawer was arrested on the roof of the airport parking.
The airport is being evacuated and air traffic is being cut off.
Classification for teenagers
Each time, it is the school clientele that will be targeted, an initiative that had had a great deal of success during the previous season.
Through five saynets imagined and interpreted by artists in the region, vignettes with a strong dose of humour, teenagers can be allowed to tame the classical song.
In addition to this spectacle, the Kingdom ’ s lyrical art company will return with its lyrical Destnations, a formula that now hangs in Chisinumi ’ s Pulls.
Two other concerts will take place in the summer of 2014, which gives the region ’ s artists the chance to show what they are capable of.
To these activities, lyrical Apple was added last August, with the help of the soprano colorature Marie-Eve Munger.
It was an activity-profit, along with the artistic dimension, and it helped the non-profit-making body to produce a financial balance sheet that is as sweet in ears as an air of the bow-mouse.
Without giving precise figures, the chairman of the Management Board, Yves Bergeron, took advantage of yesterday's press meeting in Chisinumi to be reassuring.
Despite the precarious nature of so many cultural institutions, the future is well, even in the long term.
We have more solid and consistent support.
'The finances are afloat and we hope to last until the 50th anniversary of the opera, a step that we will take in seven years' time ', the administrator has commented.
"I would even go beyond that," added the director-general, Hélène Gaudrebault, by smiling.
The 37 year-old man who took a child hostage at the Gabrielle Roy school in Surrey faces six charges, according to the Canada Royal Gendarmerie.
Omar Massan Hassan has been accused of taking hostage, kidnapping, threatening threats, wearing weapons in a dangerous design, kidnapping, and failing to comply with a prescription.
'The rapid reactions of the police involved and their ability to defuse the situation immediately have been essential to the security conclusion of this incident ', declared Corporal Bert Patouquet by means of communiqué.
Omar Hassan is still in detention and will have to stand on Friday.
New requests for collective redress against the SSaint-Crasie brothers
A further request for collective redress was lodged against the SSainte-Crasie brothers, concerning sexual assaults on this occasion at the Saint-Joseph Saint-Joseph Hospital, as well as in several orphanages, colleges and schools.
The request is based on the testimony of the shark, who was identified as' J. J ', which would have been obscured in the 1950's, first in Neil Damo-Neiges by his professor the brother, the brother, Father Bernard, and then by his wife, Father Bernard, to the Orkenne. By Saint Joseph, where he was serving mass and when his father worked as painter.
The first appeal was only for three institutions, and when the Rules of Procedure were announced, many people told us: 'I myself was there, is I can join the lawyer Alain Arsenrault, who defends the victims in both cases'.
The unusual feature of the collective redress that has just been tabled is to allow complainants to be added to any institution where abuse could have been perpetrated by members of the Saint-Crasie congregation.
At the moment, the appeal brings together complaints from 25 people who claim to have been attacked by the Saint-Crasie brothers.
The alleged facts are, in general, older than those mentioned in the first resort, since several of the targeted institutions closed in the 1960s.
The appeal also points out that Swiekrie congregation and the St Joseph Holy Moratory, which is a separate entity, 'have allowed sexual abuse to be perpetrated against children', that they 'have exercised a moral, religious and psychological constraint on the victims', that they were 'were they were'. Awareness of the sexual abuse that has taken place and has stifled them ', and they have' consciously and consciously chosen to ignore the problem '.
The latest accusations are based, among other things, on letters written by the Sidle Perrio brothers' lawyer, Me Perriin, in the 1990s, but also by the research carried out in the archives on this subject by the Wilson Kennedy brother, a former brother of Saint-Call, from Wilson Kennedy. They have publicly denounced the abuses.
Collective redress must first take the step of admissibility in the Court.
Once the Court's admissibility was accepted, the second step was taken, or the hearings on the substance.
In the case of the first appeal, the Swiekrie congregation agreed to settle amicably before hearings were held on the substance.
Fighting in a Trade
A fire caused serious damage to a trade in the round-up of LaSalle in Montreal on Thursday night on Thursday.
Efforts were called on on Friday, owing to a fire that declared on the ground of an Indian catering restaurant on the Dolard ’ s Dolard, near the intersection with the street Rje.
The thirty-five fire brigades that were sent to the scene took almost an hour to deal with the pole.
The fire 'caused significant damage to the structure of the building', the leader of the Montreal fire service operations, Richard Bordeaux.
The cause of the fire was unknown, but there was no one in restaurants when the fire brigade came on the scene.
There were no wounded, but almost 20 housing, located in the first and second floor of this row of commercial premises, had to be evacuated.
The Red Cross was requested, because the residents of one of the flats could have to be temporarily lofted, indicated the SIM.
A great deal of opposition to medical aid to die in Congress for palliative care
The Canadian Congress of palliative care, which is taking place this week in Ottawa, comes after the vote in favour of the principle of the draft law on medical aid to die in Quebec.
This is an opportunity for several palliative care associations to reaffirm their disagreement.
If all patients had access to effective care to alleviate their suffering, in addition to being able to stay at home, few would like to end their days, according to a spokesman for the Canadian Association of palliative care, Maryse Bouette.
If emphasis was placed on palliative care in Canada, the approach to euthanasia would become minimal.
The president of Quebec ’ s palliative care law also rejects the bill on medical aid to die.
If he is adopted, Alberte Déry is worried about the consequences for the next generation.
'What is the sense of life ', it is sorry.
The majority of palliative care houses will refuse to help patients die, according to the Vice-Chair of the palliative Houses Alliance, Suzanne Fitzubback.
Mrs Fitzubback, as head of the Mathi-Franco Savy in Gatient, believes that the service would be unnecessary anyway.
We never ask ourselves: 'I want to die, give me a injection'.
The director of the Association of Elebeo care, Rick Firth, believes that Quebec ’ s draft law disorientates the population over the vocation of palliative care.
He does not believe that the UN will follow suit.
For its part, the Liberal MEP from Guinau, Séphphania Valley, says that the concept of the end of life will have to be clarified before the draft law is adopted.
The Kenyan press is unworthy of the controversial media law
“It is a frightening country, and it is legitimate to ask: what will prevent Parliament from sweeping away the independence of the judiciary tomorrow? ” The newspaper said by challenging the draft law and calling for it to be declared unconstitutional.
“This law is draconian and punitive, and we reject it ’, explained Cyrus Kamu, Capital Group ’ s chief executive, CapittalFM, one of the most respected independent radio and news stations in Kenya.
He said that the new media court 'will always be biased because it is an extension of the government' and restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya's place in the world economy.
'I hope the President will listen to us, and we ask him to reject this draft law and refer it back to the Members of Parliament ', he added.
According to The Star newspaper, the new draft law will allow the government to have “media grip ”. The Standard has indicated that democracy and freedom of opinion in Kenya“ had been hard hit ” and castigated the draft law as ““ "Draconian."
The adoption of the bill comes at the same time as a package of measures to strengthen national security following the attack by armed Islamists in the Westgate commercial centre last September.
Kenyan media have awakened the authorities ’ anger by disseminating images of video cameras to which the attack on the attack supposedly robbed the luxury trade center.
The head of the police, David Kimaio, responded by convening two journalists and a media official to interrogate them, although the convening was withdrawn following the release of a shield in the media.
According to the new draft law, the media may be subject to fines of up to 20 million shillings Kenyan shillings and journalists up to 1 million with the additional risk of being 'radiated' or of being unable to receive official press accreditation.
The court also has the power to seize the assets of an offender if he has not paid his fine.
According to the Daily Nation, “Even a single fine is enough to paralyse most FM stations. ”
He also says that the measures could have a devastating effect on what he described as Kenya's' animated blogosphere '.
By silencing the media, politicians know that they can do what they want with impunity.
“Nobody will know, ” Mutuma Mathiu, a journalist in The Nation, wrote by describing Kenyan media as a key source of control in public life.
“Led to themselves, politicians would go bankrupt and bring us back to hunting and the coffers. ”
Kenyan legislators have been targeted at the anger of the population in the past.
In May, they took a stand against the National Waste Commission ’ s cuts and restored their mixed wages of about 532 000 shillings per month, which are among the highest in the world.
A difficult year for pharmacists
The departure of nearly 10 pharmacists at the Laval ’ s Center for Health and Social Services (SSS) has caused a great deal to the leadership of the Cities ’ Holy Health, and this in 2012-2013.
Because of multiple retirement, maternity or short leave, the pharmacy department has been heavily staffed.
There was a lack of 30% of the staff needed, making this financial year 'very difficult', according to the head of the department, Gillan Beaudand.
However, the SSS decided not to employ an independent workforce, which can cost up to three times as much as a full-time pharmacist.
The breakdown has not been used, Mrs Beaudand has explained.
Some of our activities have been streamlined or reduced within the building system, the time that things go again.
It is true that there has been a great deal of work to interest our young people [pharmacy] for them to come and stay here.
There was a competition of circumstances which led to the situation in the wrong situation last year.
Improvements in the situation
After this difficult period, 2013-2014 will be much easier for the SSS pharmacy Department.
Three pharmacists have already returned to work after their maternity leave, and three other pharmacies have been hired in recent months.
Furthermore, the efforts made by the department to retain fruit have borne fruit, as the four pupils present at Laval at Laval, too, decided to remain at the job of the SSS.
Now it is much better, the pharmacist pointed out.
By the end of the financial year, we will have seven new pharmacists and three maternity returns.
That will make up our departures from last year.
The ever-growing Lessers
However, the situation is still difficult.
Several factors, such as the shortage of pharmacists in hospital or the prevalence of young women in the profession, make situations such as the one experienced in 2012 difficult to predict.
For us [the number of staff] is still precarious, because we have a young environment that is young and employs many young women, so with pregnancies we almost always drive maternity leave when it goes well, she added.
The last year has been a lot more and there are no pharmacists who are available to replace it, so it was more difficult.
The 22-year-old top model does not begin his career in cinema by the back door.
The director Lars von Ter chose him to embody Charlotte Gainsburg young in Nyamomaniac, his next film.
This glue pornographic drama, in eight chapters that will emerge in two parts (on 1 and 8 January 2014), the erotic memories of a quadragenial quadradar since its adolescence.
Story Martin ’ s resemblance to old is striking: a brown silver, a diaphane tint, and Franco-British origins.
Without forgetting a certain taste of the risk: one who did not hesitate to scrap glossy paper will appear in situations that are far more sulphurable on large screens.
An extract from Nymomaniac raised the temperature into the Tole: Story Martin there appears to be on bed and in the middle of Shia LaBeouf.
If the filmmaker asked his players to put their fingers on the shelf, he used X professionals for the most daring sex, and then merged all the numerically numerically: star is star; below the belt it is the sweet. That is a bad thing.
From Björk at Charlotte Gainsburg, Nicole Kidman, Lars von Trier, is used to pushing his acres into their final retrenchment, always for the better.
Story Martin has not yet spoken about it.
A Nargood CR room on Thursday evening
On Thursday evening, the first session of a film was suspended in the Nargood CR, as a precautionary measure, following throttle pipes that were felt by the spectators.
Immediately, the head of the establishment took the evacuation of the room and warned the fire brigade for a suspicious smell.
Some 70 people have emerged from the sitting.
People have been examined and full recognition of the room has not been given.
Is it bad joke about the substance of a tearymogen jet?
Or an involuntary incident?
However, the cinema management has played the principle of precaution and the safety of its clients.
The room has been postponed and everything has been put in order.
The cinema has been able to resume its rights and clients have been able to find the pleasure of the images.
On the screen alone.
It is trying to import 2 kg of cocaine in cement kilns.
Taking advantage of Halween Day, a woman tried to get two kilograms of cocaine hidden in cages, on Thursday morning at Montreal-Trupresent airport.
It was when we looked at the luggage of the passenger that drugs could be detected.
Cocaine had been distributed in three cities, which had previously been emptied.
drugs were then transported to the Office of the Royal Canada Gendarmerie (GRC), which took over in this investigation.
The Canada Border Services Agency (ASFC) has not revealed where the woman came to when she was intercepted.
That is part of the investigation, Mr Roby Roby, spokesman for the ASFC.
What I can tell you is that it came to the country.
Since the beginning of 2013, the border service agents at Montreal-Trupresent Airport have carried out 173 seizures of drugs, including 10 cocaine seizures for a total of 44 kilograms.
In 2012, the border service agents in the Quebec region carried out a total of 1653 drug seizures.
Air air travel against military installations in Syria
According to the Lebanese army, Israeli aircraft entered Lebanon's airspace on Wednesday at the beginning of this afternoon, but the strikes took place in the evening.
A shipment of S-8, short-range air missiles would have been targeted and destroyed.
This new Tahal aviation raid on Syrian territory (the sixth since the beginning of the year, according to the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz) has not been confirmed by either Israel or Syria.
The raid took place under the same circumstances on 5 July: at the time it was also an anonymous American official who confirmed in CNN an Israeli attack, this time against the Yakha rocket missiles, delivered by Russia to Damascus.
Israeli officials did not hide their irritation from Washington revealing the attack, at the risk of forcing President Assad to react.
Ukraine\ u0027s Classification
The rating agency Standard & Poora lowered Ukraine's credit rating on Friday, questioning the ability of the former Soviet Republic, in recession for more than a year, to cope with its financial obligations.
The country ’ s public debt notes pass to 'B-', sinking into the category of speculative investments.
It is accompanied by a negative outlook, with S & P seeing at least one opportunity on three counts again within a year.
'It is less and less likely that the government's strategy will allow sufficient foreign currency to meet its high external financing needs', which explains the American agency.
The agency notes that Ukraine ’ s foreign-exchange reserves fell 26% between September 2012 and September 2013, and that the trend will continue.
This makes it difficult to repay loans abroad.
These reserves, to which the authorities use massive amounts to support the local currency, the hryvnia, collapse, the agency is increasingly likely to be devalued, which would inflate its external debt.
Kiev also needs liquidity to settle gas imports to Russia, which accuses him of not paying $882 million.
This is bad news for the Ukrainian authorities in a period of intense tension with its Russian neighbour, furious at the willingness of Kiev to sign an association agreement with the EU at the end of November.
It was made public in the wake of the publication of official statistics showing that the country's economy had suffered between July and September its fifth quarter of a contraction.
Its still relatively modest debt has exploded in recent years and S & P estimates at 33.5% of GDP, compared to less than 10% before the crisis of 2008-2009.
The country, with its budget deficit, has for months been calling for aid from the International Monetary Fund, which granted it in 2010 a loan of USD 15.3 billion and for the time being has provided only 3.4 billion.
But the Fund refuses to pay any new tranche until the country adopts unpopular reforms to reduce its deficit, especially by raising gas prices to the population.
After a new failed mission in the country, the IMF stated this week that "the important external financing needs" constituted "vulnerability", while at the same time pointing to "signs of economic improvement."
But, for the economist Oleksandr Joold, the Political Ethics Center, “we cannot wait for a short-term improvement. ”
'There is little hope that unpopular reforms will be launched in a pre-election year ', with the presidential elections scheduled for 2015, an expert, interrogated by the AFP.
The only hope is an improvement in the international climate.
In addition, it is the 'uncertainty' linked to the possible signing of an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU that Brussels is dependent on the release of the opposition Yulia Tymoshenko.
'Signing the agreement would be positive for trade in the long term, but there could be negative short- and medium-term negative consequences relating to the response of Russia ', has explained S & P, which fears' trade restrictions' from Moscow.
Russia, which accounts for a quarter of Ukrainian exports, warned that in the event of a free trade area between the EU and Kiev, it should strengthen border controls for imported goods.
America\ u0027s Green Flate of the Pubic-Omnicom merger
Allied and Omnicom said Friday that they received no objection from the US authorities to their fusion, thus coming closer to the creation of the first World Advertising Agency.
The merger does indeed bring the Second World Agency, Omnicom, and the third, Pubillis closer together.
'Omnicom Group Group and Public Panel announced today that the deadline for examining the earlier merger announced by the Pubillis Group and Omnicom, provided for by the Hart-Scot Rodino Improuvance Act of 1976, as proposed by the Hart-Sco-Rodino Improuvé of 1976, as amended, will expire. 'The two groups announce the two groups in a communiqué'.
They state that they have also received the necessary authorisations in Canada, India and Turkey after South Africa and South Korea.
The expiry of the SR deadline for the United States and the decisions on authorisation issued in other jurisdictions satisfy several of the conditions required for the operation to be carried out.
'Fusion is also conditional on other regulatory authorisations and the approval of the shareholders of both groups'.
The Congolese Army hunt the M23 rebels
The Congolese army (FARDC) announced on Thursday that its units were going to hunt the M23 rebels into the forests and the mountains of North Kivu adjacent to Rwanda and Uganda.
M23 appears to be on the verge of being defeated after being driven out of localities in the north-east of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) that it has controlled since the beginning, 20 months ago, of the insurgency.
'We are going to continue M23 and make it happen wherever it hides because it is criminals', said in Reuters Olivier Hamuli, spokesman for the FARDC.
We must not allow them to reorganise themselves because they have martyred the Congolese people for too long.
The time has come to bring peace.
M23 officials explained that they evacuated localities under diplomatic pressure, and Bertra Bissimwa, a rebellion politician, said that these military setbacks would not change his demands for peace talks in any way.
The latter, according to the Ugandan mediators, took up on Wednesday in Kampala between the government in Kinshasa and M23.
Bunagana hills are reported in the hills that dominate Bunagana, the last locality in the hands of the insurgents this week, as well as the Runyoni, a hill where the M23 rebellion emerged in 2012.
At their height in November, the insurgents occupied Goma, masterpiece of North Kivu province, taking advantage of the government ’ s flight from the government garrison and the passivity of Monusco ’ s blue helmets.
The fall of Goma brought the United Nations Mission in the DRC, the world's largest in terms of manpower, to strengthen its mandate and to form a rapid brigade of intervention brigades made up of South African, Maltese and Tanzanian soldiers.
For its part, the FARDC Military Staff was reshuffled and the army went on the offensive against M23, leading to a change in the course of the war.
The rate of progress of government troops is now unprecedented.
'M23 seems to be coming to an end ', predicting an expert on Congolese affairs, Jasson Stearns, on his blog Congo Congo.
That would be historic – it would be the first time that the government in Kinshasa has managed to defeat a major insurgency.
It would also be the first time since 1996 that no armed group in Rwanda would be present in the east of the DRC.
UN experts accuse Rwanda, which is fiercely denies, of military support for M23, which was made up of former Congolese soldiers mutilated.
British diplomacy leader William Hague invited Rwandan President Paul Kagame to exercise restraint, announced a Foreign Office spokesman.
Last week Kigali mentioned the possibility of military reprisals following the shells falling into Rwandan territory.
On Wednesday, the inhabitants of Bundagana took over the streets of the executioner to welcome the entry of the soldiers of the FARDC.
'We lived a year with M23 and it seemed unimaginable to us to be liberated one day by the army, 'testifies to an inhabitant of that neighbouring town of Uganda.
'We lived in terror (of M23), we were traumatised ', he added that man.
The tests carried out by the Pasteur Institute on a patient suspected of infected by coronavirus have proven negative, announced the Ministry of Health.
It states that 'the two cases identified in May 2013 remain the only cases confirmed in France so far'.
On Tuesday, this 43-year-old patient was suspected of being achieved, after having returned from Saudi Arabia, a country where the disease has already claimed fifty deaths.
Chevron, the second US oil company, on Friday reported a decline in its quarterly profits due to the decline in its refining margins, while its production of oil and gas rose while remaining behind the group ’ s objectives.
Its net third-quarter benefits fell to $4.95 billion, or $2.57 per Action, compared to $5.25 billion, or $2.69 per year per year.
Analysts interviewed by Reuters, on average, trusted a $2.71 dollar profit.
The group has produced 2.59 million barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter, rising compared to the 2.52 million bj produced a year ago.
The company is targeting 2.65 million animals for this year, with a 25% growth in output expected by 2017.
The major part of growth in the coming years will come from its liquefied natural gas projects in Australia.
As a result of the cost of these projects, annual investment spending increased by USD 7 billion over two years and is expected to reach $36.7 billion in 2013.
The profits from production activities have decreased slightly in the third quarter, while the profits of downstream activities (including refining and chemical production) have fallen from 45% to $380 million.
This reduction in refining margins affects the whole sector.
Thus, Chevron ’ s main competitor, Exxon Mobil, reported on Thursday of a net net benefit, despite rising gas and oil production.
Transport of ecolink: complaint deemed admissible
From the beginning of the school on Sherbrooke (SSRS), from the beginning of the school year on $150 per pupil (up to a maximum of $300 per family) for school pupils with two homes, a service that the organisation offers when it is in a position to do so when it is in a position to do so. to do so.
Before the changes to the last budget, there was no financial contribution.
'There is a mediation service that is proposed by the committee and I was interested ', explaining Mrs Lefin.
According to her, SCARS has been invited to mediation and it has asked for a further time to reflect on this.
'It is always better to talk about it, to talk about it and to find solutions'.
The school curriculum of the region, Sherbrooke, did not want to comment.
The organisation only meant that mediation is part of the process during a complaint.
The Closing of Hedel-God ’ s Emergency
Faced with the frontloading carried out several months ago by some staff and several trade unions, whose CGT, the Minister for Health, Marisol Touraine, decided on 10 July to 'lag behind the timetable for implementing the project and, in particular, the date of closure of emergencies which will not be able to take place on 4 November'.
An officially made request 'to run no risk of dealing with emergencies in Paris at the beginning of the winter', but which was also intended not to hinder the PS campaign just a few months away from the municipal authorities.
Despite ministerial instructions, the closure should nevertheless take place on that date.
Even if, in the APP, we prefer to use the term 'transformation' or 'change in continuity'.
As from 4 November, the fire-fighters from around 40 of the 40 000 annual passages to Hedel-God ’ s urgencies were all instructed to take the 30 serious cases every day to the urgencies of other Paris hospitals.
The date of 4 November also corresponds to the renewal of internatives.
Hedel-God, the urgencies specialising in urgencies will leave five internal medical products in place on Monday.
The transfer of the beds of internal medicine is scheduled for the course of the month.
The 'Hedel-God' emergency service must be shut down in the shortest possible time, and for us it is 4 November, the chairman of the APP Medical Medical Committee (EMC), with the chairman of the APP Medical Committee, which supports the management project..
'On 4 November there will be no patients brought by fire fighters, only people from their own means', confirming Professor Jean-Yves Fagon, the medical chief of the new Hothel-God.
'But we will continue to receive emergency patients', he tempts, claiming the permanent presence of SMUR vehicles on the ground to transfer serious cases.
Senior doctors are going to remain on the ground, and he also assures us.
However, it is up to the LRA to decide on the closure of the emergency service for emergencies.
"Things are being done gradually ', Mr Péju's spokesperson for the ARS for whom, on 4 November,' there will be no change in service terms'.
'The Minister lied or lied to him ', deplores the emergency doctor Gérld Kierzek.
From its post as leader of the SMUR in early July, for leading the frontloading against the draft reorganisation, it defined itself as a 'alert' in the face of a 'cynical' decision taken by 'the focal administrative technostructure'.
'They are emptying and asphyxiating the urgencies that were renovated less than five years ago ', he believes.
For him, “if the other Paris emergency services were able to absorb the surplus, there would be no problem. ”
However, they are regularly engulfed.
For example, there are sometimes nine hours of waiting for Lariboisers' urgencies.
To the LRA, it is argued that 30 "dispatchized" patients in several sites are not likely to represent an "avalanche" in other emergency services, whose human resources will also have been strengthened.
To the ARS and APHP, the 'new hospitality model' has already been introduced since 7 October and is expected to continue to receive 30 000 to 35 000 patients per year.
By the end of the year, liberal general doctors should also be involved in setting up a 'permanent permanent care permanence'.
'Where are we going to ask the people to diagnose ', to question Gérld Kierzek for whom' the not serious emergency concept 'is' dangerous' and marks a 'medical regression'.
This will happen as in the case of maternity hospitals at level 3.
People are not crazy, they will go where there is the best offer of care.
If the Minister does not take action by Monday, we are going to change the poet, foregoing Christopher Prudman, an emergency doctor and a member of the CGT Health.
We are going to be even more present in the municipal campaign and we will think about presenting a list.
In Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet ’ s team, Vincent Roger, Paris ’ s UMP, and the elected 4th ardent, makes it clear that, “Even if the Paris CUP was in order to maintain Hedel-God ’ s urgencies, it would be technically good. As well as being financially impossible to reopen them if we go back to the responsibilities'.
Anne Hidalgo, the Socialist candidate, again reminded France on Monday morning that it declared itself in favour of a moratorium so that no closure was made on 4 November.
If that were the case, it would mark her net disagreement, highlighted by Bruno Julliard, his spokesman.
Although the restructuring of Hedel-God has its legitimacy on the substance, we cannot accept it without an acceptable pattern of postponement to other hospitals.
Obama End the IMF and the World Bank
Barack Obama has ordered the National Security Agency (NSA) to stop listening to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in its intelligence activities, indicating a US official on Thursday.
This decision is part of the White House ’ s attempt to take over the NSA ’ s eavesdropping case after the former analyst Edward Snowden ’ s revelations in Russia.
This is the first time that the intelligence agency has been mentioned by the intelligence agency since the start of the scandal.
When asked about the subject, a US administration official replied: "The US does not carry out electronic surveillance of the seats of the World Bank and the IMF in Washington".
Speaking under anonymity, this official did not specify whether such surveillance had been put in place in the past.
Another official indicated that Barack Obama had ordered an end to these practices over the past few weeks.
This instruction was given almost at the same time as that of ending the tapping of the UN ’ s headquarters in New York.
In this context, the Senate Intelligence Intelligence Commission on Thursday approved tighter controls on government surveillance programs, but allowed them to continue.
The committee has introduced new data restrictions which intelligence agencies are allowed to collect and have imposed a five-year limit for the retention of such information.
The UN welcomes the new objectives for combating poverty
The United Nations will now begin to work on a new set of objectives to replace the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), which were set up 12 years ago to combat world poverty.
Australian diplomats have played a key role in promoting “sustainable development goals ” aimed at replacing the MDGs, which will expire in 2015, before the United Nations Summit on Sustainable Development, which began on the eve of Rio de Janeiro.
They were included in the final preliminary draft of the document, which will be adopted by the world's leaders, including Mrs Gillard, at the summit.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on the eve of the summit that it is now time to “go beyond national interests. ”
'I am glad that the Member States have agreed to launch and appropriate the process of setting universal sustainable development objectives (ODD), ” he added.
These ODCs will rely on the progress made in the Millennium Development Goals and will become an integral part of the post-2015 development framework.
I will do my utmost to discharge the mandate I have been given by the Member States to achieve our vision of sustainable development objectives based on the success of the MDGs.
Mozambique ’ s security concerns are growing at the same time as there are powerful conflicts between powerful people.
According to the statue of Sama Machel, the founding president of Mozambique, in the process of toying them, thousands of people gathered in the Maputo centre to shout peaceful slogans at a rare public demonstration.
‘ We want peace to return; we want stability ’, has declared Vanessa of Sousa, a general director of an investment society.
Concerned for his country ’ s future, she has exchanged her working clothes against a T-shirt with the “we want security ” in Portuguese before joining the crowded crowd on the capital ’ s place of the capital of the capital of the capital of the capital.
For two weeks, there has been almost every day reports of conflict between government forces and Ren<unk>, the worst calibre since the peace agreement was signed over 20 years ago.
The Ren<unk> was once a famous rebel movement, initially supported by white Rhodesia, and then South Africa ’ s apartheid government as part of efforts to destabilize the country ’ s independent government.
After a peace agreement signed in 1992, it became an opposition party.
Analysts believe that the country should not fall back into an open conflict, but recent events have shaken foreign investors and the local population.
The challenge for the growing economy is considerable, since the discovery of huge offshore gas reserves and coal deposits in the north-west could attract more than $50 million of investment over the next few years from companies like Rio Tinto, Vale, Italy, and Anadarko. The United States.
Fremo, the governing party and the main political force since 1975, and Ren<unk> reject responsibility for tensions.
Ren<unk> declares that the government originated in the recent clashes and launched an attack on its members in the province of Sofaa, a traditional bastion of Ren<unk>, on October 17.
The assaults on the former rebels then degenerated when government forces attacked the bases of the Ren<unk> and tried to kill Afonso Dhakama, the group leader, and Fernando Mazanga, the Financial Times ’ s spokesman.
The government makes Ren<unk> responsible responsible for sparking conflicts, and accusing him of attacking soldiers.
President Armando Guebuza sought to minimize concerns about instability.
Mr Guebuza told the AFP, the French press agency, that Mr Dhakama considered himself a 'loser' who wanted to use 'all the forces he left to try to prove that he could impose his decisions on the government'.
Fremo and Ren<unk> insist that they both want to avoid war.
But the concern has grown after Mr Mazanga said that the Ren<unk> relinquished the 1992 peace agreement.
He told FTT that he wanted to say that the agreement was no longer respected by Fremo.
'We want to resume negotiations, but with the greatest seriousness', Mr Mazanga has indicated.
Previous discussions between the parties have failed to alleviate the tensions fuelled by a series of conflicts this year.
“Two great men (Guebuza and Dhakama) who don ’ t stop squabbling, explained Joseph Hanlon, a confer of Mozambique ’ s open and specialist university.
None of them are willing to negotiate and none of them is prepared to make the necessary concessions.
The Ren<unk>, which is in favour of electoral reform, had already said that it would boycott the municipal elections due to take place in November.
The presidential and legislative elections are scheduled for next year.
Some commentators have interpreted his use of force as the attempt of a sick movement to obtain concessions and a treasure treasure.
The percentage of the votes collected by the Ren<unk> has continued to fall since 1992, while a new party, the Democratic Movement of Mozambique (MDM), which was created by a former Ren<unk> member, was set to get more votes in elections.
Mr Mazanga said that Mr Guebuza – who is expected to leave at the end of his second term in office next year – wanted to destroy democracy in the country.
'He does not want a multi-party democracy, he does not want transparent elections, he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency ', said Mr Mazanga.
We do not know exactly what the capacity of Ren<unk> is, but it has carried out disruptive attacks on police stations and vehicles on a major north-south motorway axis.
Most of the clichés took place in the Sofaa province, which is located several hundred kilometres north of Maputo, but where Beira, where mining companies, notably Rio Tinto and Vale, export coal.
In June, Rio could no longer use the railways for about a week after Ren<unk> threatened to attack the railway line.
Mr Mazanga was falsely timid when asked whether Ren<unk> would renege on this threat.
Ren<unk> wanted to “warn the international community that things are not going well in Mozambique, ” Mr Mazanga said.
Instability has strengthened the frustrations of the government, declaring Fernando Lima, an independent media society, many people who are also concerned about corruption, slow development and the recent wave of kidnappings.
“People believe that those responsible for the country ’ s future are the government and the president, and that it is up to him to find solutions to the problems ’, he explained.
Omar Suuluane, one manifestation, said that people only wanted stability.
“Nobody cares about Ren<unk> or Fremo, they just want to return to peace, they want to have free access to roads, ” he added.
myths and legends to children should be taught as “models of life style, ” the author says.
Thoor ’ s Legende could show that “the brutal force does not carry the weight in the face of subtle ruse, ” while arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream.
Having said that many myths would be “far too violent, far too scandalous, and in some cases far too obscene to be taught at school, ” Croatian-Holland has advocated“ careful selection ” of suitable age.
“I think it is wonderful that in America, myths and folklore are already part of education ’.
I have been arguing in favour of this project for 20 years.
He added that the fact that authors and teachers are “openly didactic ” means that children“ get away completely, ” messages being “sucked ” in pleasant stories.
Busley-Holland, who has translated Beowulf from the Anglo-Saxon and wrote The Penguin Book of Norths and British Folk, said: 'You may have good intentions, but you want to keep them out of sight. ”
Perhaps the great difference between an adult author writing for adults and an adult author writing for children is the need to offer hope.
Not that everything should be simplified or made good, but there is an innate sense of good and evil.
And he must be sublident; revealed through history rather than declared.
The basis for what is known and not said is known.
A fighter from the Hamas army was killed this evening and another wounded by an Israeli tank fired in the Gaza Strip has been learned from medical and security sources in Gaza.
According to these sources, these activists led a surveillance operation in the border area between Palestinian territory and Israel when they suffered a shells from an Israeli joke.
Ethics of the NSA: the US is “gone too far, ” admitting Kerry.
The US has sometimes gone too far on spying, acknowledged Secretary of State John Kerry, in this first polemic Washington confession with Europe on the massive collection of data by the National Security Agency (NSA).
After ten days of scandal, revelations and denials between the US and its European allies, this is the first time that a US government official explicitly admits controversial practices in interception by the NSA of communications and data in Europe.
'In some cases, as the President has said, some of these actions have gone too far and we are going to ensure that this does not happen in the future ', said John Kerry at a conference in London which he attended since Washington on Thursday 31 October by video link.
In his speech, which was referred to in the presence of his British counterpart William Hague, the head of American diplomacy had long justified intelligence practices and information collection by means of the necessary fight against terrorism and prevention of possible attacks.
Invoking the attacks of September 11, 2001, the Madrid attacks in March 2004, and those in London in July 2005, John Kerry assured that the US authorities had had many plans for attacks, thanks to the interception of communications and the collection of information.
'We made it impossible for aeroplanes to fall, buildings did not explode and people were murdered because we were able to know about these projects upstream ', argued the boss of American diplomacy.
And, as John Kerry said to the Europeans, 'I assure you that in this process of innocent people have not been misled'.
But we are trying to gather information.
'And yes, in some cases it has gone too far ', has admitted to the Secretary of State, who had already had to speak on this international scandal last week in Paris, London and Rome.
On Thursday, he assured him that President Obama was' intent on trying to clarify and revisit these practices so that nobody feels deceived '.
But the controversy between Americans and Europeans has continued this week with new revelations in the press.
According to the Washington Post, the NSA intercepted data of hundreds of millions of Google and Yahoo users.
The newspaper, which cites documents obtained from the former NSA consultant Edward Snowden, states that the programme known as' MUSCULAR ', and led by the British NSA counterpart, GCHQ, allows these two agencies to recover. data from the optical fibres used by the Internet giants.
According to one of the documents, around 181 million elements were collected in the only month of last January - from meals on e-mails, parts of text or audio or video documents.
These interception would take place outside the US.
But Yahoo and Google denied any connection with these practices.
For ten days, several major newspapers in France, Germany, Spain, or Italy have revealed that the NSA would have intercepted massive data and communications from allies of the US and their leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Faced with the anger of European states, while US press leaks claimed that the US President was not aware of such eavesdropping, Barack Obama refused to speak on this subject, invoking national security.
On the other hand, the boss of the powerful NSA, General Keith Alexander, denied him that his intelligence agency captured tens of millions of communications from European citizens.
He even sacked the ball to the European intelligence services who had seized these communications before supplying them to the NSA.
This would be about “military operations ” in countries where NATO allies cooperate with the US, and that would not be Europe ’ s goal, but General Alexander.
And the polemic spread to Asia on Friday.
Indonesia has called the Australian Ambassador, whose mission is accused of being used by the Americans as part of a vast international espionage network, which has also provoked China.
The St Gerhand Paris Paris will receive Lorient Friday without its master, the Swede Zátan Ibrahimovic, who is injured, announces League 1 club in a communiqué.
The PSG, the leader of the championship in Monaco in contrast to goals, broadcast the list of players detained for this 12th day match, with no attack on it for 32 years.
The communiqué simply states that it is' injured ', without specifying the nature of the injury.
However, he was suffering from an inflammation of the left when he returned to selection at the beginning of this month.
A ceremony in memory of the deceased deputies
The Prematorium of the Lashise organises, at 11 a.m., a secular ceremony, in memory of all the deceased creators in his establishment during the year.
Anne Hidalgo, who is a socialist candidate at the Paris City City, has to attend, and will then explain, at a press conference, his proposals for a funeral.
To follow the ceremony, there is a click of it.
For their own shadows, more and more French people choose creativity, rather than inhumation: 53%, according to a Ipsos study carried out on 6 and 7 September with 1009 people, instead of 47%.
For the funeral, the opposite is the case: the French prefer inhumation (53% to 47%).
If they have the misfortune to lose a child, they are only 15% to choose the creation.
In his book The Death Death, Damen Le Guay, the philosopher and vice-chairman of the National funeral Committee on Ethics, insists on the "violence" represented by the creation, for the survivors.
There is, with the creation, 'violence against the loved body', which will be 'reduced to a pile of ash' in a very short space of time, and not after a process of decay, which would 'accompany the stages of the mourning'.
There is also 'symbolic violence', which is due to the 'erroneous' and distinctive signs' reduced to the 'anonymity' of ash.
Why is it that what has been accepted without difficulty in some of the Nordic countries and Protestant countries is still poorly lived in France?
'Because the creation is new ', Marie-Frédérique Bacé, President of the Thanatology Society and author of the book Apprivoise of the Book of Thanatoric Death.
It has only been tolerated since 1963 by the Catholic Church, which has limited the attempts to learn it.
It is for François Michad-Nerard, the managing director of the funeral service in the Villes de Paris Villes, to call for a ceremony as worthy as the one he would have with inhumation for the devil.
The annual investigation of Ipsos shows a very strong commitment to organising the ceremony.
77% of French people want one, for their families, whether they are religious (53%), or civil (24%).
From now on, 73% of those who have chosen a creative age want a ceremony.
66% of atheists or non-believers want it as well.
The crematoria have adapted to this society ’ s development.
'For a decade and a half, they have been trying to prevent families from waiting for violence, without doing anything, for an hour and a half, immediately followed by the surrender of the ash '.
70% of the institutions now offer masters of ceremonies, who, in the presence of the body, have the following ritual: welcome the assembly, naming the deceased, linking it to others, raising it, giving meaning to his death, organising goodbye.
This is the case with Father Lashise's crematorium since 1998.
The ceremony masters are often people who have been converted.
There are also former Catholic priests.
It is in this context that the Prematorium of the Lashise, since 2010, is organising several ceremonies of secular and non-religious memory, to which it invites the families of the people who have been created in the year.
For the second consecutive year, one of these ceremonies is forwarded to those who cannot travel.
The crematorium has allowed us to pass it on.
In La Seeyne, rehousing for rats is polemical.
Earlier this week, a family left its apartment on the ground squads of the Frutidor D2 building, owing to the presence of rats.
Faced with the urgency of the situation, the director of the Twars Habitat South office has proposed, exceptional and temporary, to relocate the couple and his three children in a new T4.
However, the family refuses' for financial reasons' and the situation is blocked.
The matter has taken on excessive proportions, the Director of the office of the head of the office has been estimated by Joel Canapa.
There have been rats, there have always been them in cities.
The proclamation company carries out two passages per year, and, furthermore, we intervene at every request from the inhabitants.
Since the end of last winter, we have made 64 speeches.
The neighborhood is not left to abandon, and the rats do not get into the city.
For reasons of environmental protection and public health, procrastination products are four times less effective than in the past, of course, but for two rats, one is not going to kill a taste.
'We have not invited the rats at home ', defending the father of the family who have left his house to settle in the hotel.
We are soon without sole and we expect new housing, at the same price as the old one.
Tokyo ’ s Stock Exchange eventually fell by 0.88%, which was the case.
Tokyo ’ s stock exchange ended on Friday, despite good Chinese manufacturing statistics.
The Cote suffered from the decline of the dollar against the yen, damaging the export values and the warning about its annual result launched by Sony Thursday on Thursday.
The Nikkei index has lost 126.37 points (0.88%) to 14 201,57 and Topix has yielded 11.23 points (0.94%) to 1 183.03.
Sony has fallen from more than 11% to 1 668 yen.
A house with Flame in Vue-Quebec
A fire that took place on Friday lunchtime in Viubec was quickly brought under control.
More than 30 firemen were sent to the 9 of the streets of Hebrert.
The flames have declared themselves in a house of three housing distributed on four shelges behind the Court of Quebec's court.
All the tenants were absent during the fire.
The fire was brought to an end an hour after the fire brigade arrived, many of whom were speaking.
As soon as our first firefighters arrived, they really saw the smoke.
'So the alarms have succeeded, because it was strengthening to attack the building, because it was buildings colluded here ', explained France, the spokesman for the Quebec fire brigade, to France.
An investigation is under way to find the cause of this fire.
Ben Greenman: Tenth New York Comeda Fesval: The New Yorker
The city of New York could be said to be the place where the standard was born in America: almost 100 years ago, the vulgle was Frank Fay, who held the role of ceremony in the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace of the Palace Palace. Sdirectly before the public, on the tone of conversation.
Fay ’ s innovation has continued over the years, until recently by the New York Comeda Fesval.
Created and supervised by Caroline Hirsch, the founder of the standardization club Caroline, the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year, with more than 60 spectacles presented in small clubs and theatres.
“Most posters emerged in Carolines, and had a great success, until they became too famous to play in a club, ” Hirsch said.
We created this festival in order to be able to continue to work with them.
This year ’ s event will see the participation of Wanda Sykes, Kathy Griffin and Bill Mahher, and the presentation of “Stanisation Up for Heres, ” an evening of music and music for the former combatants, organised in the Madison Garden Garden. Among others, Bruce Springsteen, Jon Stewart, Roger Wans and Bill Cosby will be present.
The festival has grown, as has the world of the comedy.
Several of the comedians participating in this year ’ s festival went through non-traditional circuits, for example by presenting spectacles on small television channels, such as Comeda Central, FX, and Spike.
Nick Krol made his appearance on the front stage in a cable chain (“The League ” on Ffantasy soccer facide lascf), and now has his own sketchs on Comeda on Comedos, and has his own spectacle of Comedos on Comeda. Central to that.
Jenny Slate took part in the 'Saturdays Live' programme and was part of the casing of the 'Parks and Recreation' series, but it is known for its series of viral videos, "Marcel the Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with We are. ”
Krol and Slate, as well as other young comedians with a singular voice (the surreal pessimist Anthony Jeselnik, the ironically defender of racial justice W. Kamu Bell), is purposeful in the decentralized world of the US comedian.
One of the main attractions of festival this year will be an interview: David Steinberg discussed with Larry David.
Steinberg began as a standardization comedium, but he became a film-maker of favored cinema and television, as well as an unofficial historian of the comedium.
Between 2005 and 2007, he gave a programme on TV Land, which was called Sit Down Comeda with David Steinberg.
The meeting takes place at the Hotel de Ville, in the centre of Manhattan.
"The city is definitively in the comic DNA of all the work of Larry," Steinberg said.
He told me that, when he was here, sometimes he went down a rule between two buildings and said, if I lost all my money, perhaps I will live here.
Oil prices continue to fall and are $96 per barrel.
Oil prices continued to fall on Friday, while concerns about the importance of stocks outweigh a report showing that China ’ s electricity gas-guzzling manufacturing sector is growing.
The price of the US baseline for delivery in December fell from $14 cents to $96.24 per barrel in Europe at the end of the morning ’ s electronic trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX).
The contract lost 39 cents on Thursday, leaving it with a 5.8% reduction in October.
The abundant supply of crude oil has weighed the price in recent weeks.
The US Department of Energy reported on Wednesday that US supplies had increased by 4.1 million barrels last week.
Over five weeks, supplies have increased by over 25 million barrels.
But two reports on China ’ s manufacturing sector on Friday, which show growth in activity, suggest an increase in demand.
This suggests that China ’ s economic recovery could continue to grow after growth grew to 7.8% in the third quarter, after a decline that had not been known for two decades in the previous quarter.
Grent, a reference for international crude already used by American refineries, lost 26 cents to $108.58 per barrel on the Inter-Content Exchange (ICE) in London.
The right to abortion in Texas
A federal court of appeal restored to Texas some restrictions on the voluntary termination of pregnancy which had been blocked by a first-instance judge this week.
This judgment means that a law text adopted in July in this state and largely calling into question the right to abortion will be able to enter into force.
The judgment of the Court of Appeal means that doctors who will practice IVG will have to have a 'admission privilege' with local hospitals.
The admission privilege is the right of a doctor, under his status as a hospital member, to admit a patient to a hospital or a medical centre to issue diagnosis or treatment.
Supporters of IVG argue that the content of the law is likely to result in the immediate closure of one-third of state clinics, because these clinics have failed to obtain the “admission privilege ” for their practitioners.
A total of 22,000 women would be deprived of access to these institutions.
On Monday, a judge of the first instance took the view on the eve of the entry into force of the law that the provisions dealing with admission privilege were anti-constitutional.
But the Texas General of Texas, the Republican Greg Abbott, who holds the post of governor, asked the Court of Appeal to cancel the judgment of first instance that blocked the law.
A plenary hearing on this issue is scheduled for January.
New Star achieved a return of strength, with audiences, with 1.3 million viewers behind their television station, or 5.6% of the audience.
But was it going to come to an end?
Some 10 000 candidates have come to the hearings for this 10th season, to face the jury: Marane, the micked Sincli, the André Manoukian and Olivier Bas.
On Twitter, viewers shared their comments.
As a result of the excitement to return to their favourite agenda, many were disappointed.
But why so much disappointment?
No candidate seems to have really marked this first premium.
As every year, initial hearing emissions breed a wide choice of herbal singers, for better and sometimes worse.
On Twitter, you want spectacle, emotion, originality, music...
Fortunately, some people have found them to be.
Many of them tried New Star, sometimes even to the end.
Behind the television screens, successful songs are still there, season after season.
Others have just had the ambition to laugh.
The court is blocking a decision on the NYPD control and control policy.
A federal appeal court on Thursday blocked the decision of a judge demanding changes in the control and searches of the police department in New York and has drawn it up.
The US Court of Appeal (second circuit) indicated that Judge Shira Scheeindlin ’ s decision was suspended until after the city ’ s appeal.
The judge decided in August that the city had violated the Constitution following the implementation of its programme to monitor and interrogate the citizens.
The city has appealed to its conclusions and corrective orders, including a decision to award a supervisor to help the police department change its policy and the training programme associated with it.
The Court of Appeal heard on Tuesday the arguments concerning the request for suspension.
The Court of Appeal said that the judge had to be taken out of the dossier because it infringed the code of conduct of judges by compromising the need for a judge to avoid any appearance of bias, partly due to a series of interviews granted to the media and public statements in which it was publicly reacting to the criticism of the Court..
The judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black men and Hispanic origin as part of their control and search programme.
It has appointed an external supervisor to supervise the changes, including the reform of policies, training and supervision, and it has ordered the establishment of a pilot programme to test body cameras in areas where the greatest number of checks are carried out.
In August, New York City agreed to put an end to the practice of keeping the names and addresses of those whose case was rejected after police control.
The hearing of the call by the city should take place after 14 March 2014.
The tactics of control and searches have been criticised by many civil rights defenders.
This system of checks and searches has been in place for decades in some form, but the number of checks registered has increased dramatically under the administration of the independent mayor Michael Bloomberg, to reach his highest historical level in 2011 with 684 330 controls that mainly concerned black men and histers of Hisk origin in 2011. panic.
Judicial action was introduced in 2004 by four men, all from minorities, and turned into collective action.
Those who argue for changes in NYPD ’ s control and searches say that they will end unfair practices, have more effective and trusted police forces, and be able to change the way police departments use politics.
Opponents say that these changes would undermine police morale without reducing crime, would be a waste of money and would not solve the wider problem of police forces under pressure after police officers have been greatly reduced over the last decade.
The judge stressed that she did not end control and searches, which are constitutional, but reform the way in which the NYPD implemented its controls.
The tenants must go to vote, because each of them pay on average $100 per month on the price of housing that goes to Ville.
When the owner pays $5,000 in municipal taxes, he divides this amount between each housing.
We are obliged to increase the rents to help us pay the new taxes.
By voting, we are sending out a clear message.
We need to make a difference to the Villes.
All the candidates told us that they would tackle the scandalous debt.
We no longer have the means to pay for $100 000, a land from $4 million to $5 million in case...
Come on to vote, this is the best way to express you and say that it is enough.
Elysée Check for the Elysée Check
In the 500 m2 m2 m2 kitchens, as committed after working in embassies, the cook engraved all levels until nine years ago.
He served six French presidents, Georges Pompidou, François Hollande, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, including their holiday sites, and nurtured an incalculable number of large parts of the world into the anonymity that he only now dwindles at retirement time. to 60.
The man in the open, boarful dearth and intellectual lunches, born on October 24, 1953 in Fertus-Saint-Augin, has been held with a pasture CAP.
His mother was herself cooked in a castle of Sologna.
'I passed from one castle the other! ', ironise Bernard Vaurian, who knows not only the wives of the six presidents for whom he has unofficial, but also their wives and some of their guests.
'It is always the head of state or his partner or wife who chooses the menus', he says.
'Mrs Chirac was a little more involved, she came directly into the kitchen ', to the point that she had banned women in the Elysée kitchens!
With all due respect to the heads of state, who displayed relative indifference to land feed, “they are all greedy, ” Bernard Vaurian has denounced.
Jacques Chirac had, admittedly, 'a somewhat more developed appetite'.
But with Nicolas Sarkozy, who had removed cheese, the halls were empty!
François Hollande, who re-established cheese, “is someone who likes eat, ” and“ there is little that he does not like. ”
The current head of state, who regained the kilograms lost before the presidential campaign, has no demand for a specific regime.
Bernard Vaurian also remembers the pressure on his shoulders, especially at the Elysée Dinners: to serve 'between 200 and 250 people in an hour' s time '.
The night is almost white.
These people would not understand if there were errors.
The former leader of the Elysée cuisine, who took a glass on Tuesday night with his team, his family and friends, goes to the heart of the heart '.François Hollande came to me to greet me'.
He said praise.
'His human side has come out ', he tells.
The leader will be replaced by his deputy, Wilhelm Gomz, 35 years old, who has for 17 years been at the Elysée.
Flate in a house built in 1850 in Quebec
A historic house built in 1850 was prey to flames in Viubec on Friday, Quebec.
The four housing buildings on the 15 streets of Hebrert have been the subject of three alarms to the fire service.
The fire declared itself on the front, but on the three shelges of the building.
France Voisle, spokesman for the Quebec fire protection service, made it clear that the rapid intervention of the fire brigade prevented the flames from spreading to adjacent buildings, a major challenge for this sector in the city where the buildings are constructed in a closer manner.
There were four houses in the house, but no tenants were there at the time of the fire.
The damage has, after all, been limited, even though the water has caused damage.
An investigation will be carried out into the origin, but the undermine of a criminal act has been removed.
The Wall Street Coup: exit from the second treat
Martin Sichorese has escaped some images from his next film, whose title of an ambitious New York broker is incarnated by Leonardo DiCapprio.
Forget to be reasonable and leave your notes.
Leonardo DiCapprio is going to deceive you in her lunchtime role.
Martin Sichorese has told us the true story of a "Long Island broker, who refuses to cooperate with the authorities in a vast corruption affair on Wall Street".
In the 1980 ’ s, Jordan Belfort then mounted a scam that will make him a rich, rich man.
The opportunity to follow its incredible rise, but also the staggering fall in it.
Without limits, man gets the festivities, the women and the drugs.
Deadlines and excesses of all kinds are the watchwords of this crazy history.
The Scenese-DiCapo couple seem to have regained the magic that united them in Shuter Island.
The way out of the new Scenese was delayed because of its excessively long way.
It would appear that the film lasts at the end of the day 2.45.
In the Chamber on 25 December, he will be able to take part in the race for the oscis.
Coulon used the Internet to check a pie
The former editor of News of the World Andy Coulson would have used “hacking, surveillance, and confrontation, ” to try to confirm a bicycle pipe on a link involving the then Minister for Home Affairs, Charles Clarke.
The Prosecutor Andrew Ese QC told the Old Bailey Tribunal that News of the World heard a false rumour in May 2005 that Clarke had a relationship with Hannah Pwlby, his “beautiful special councillor. ”
It was reported to the court that the newspaper asked Glenn Mulcaire, a private detective, to pirate Pwlby ’ s voice, and to “keep his back on his doorstep ”, but Coulson also called it and gave him voice messages.
'The accusation suggests that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of NottW, is not the kind of man to remain before the people's house, hoping that they may be surprised, it is the kind of man to present history to the people to see what they say ', Mr Esay, it is a matter of urgency.
He said that NottW used three ways to investigate the issues: telephone hacking, surveillance, and confrontation.
The editor is personally involved in the third.
It is clear that he is aware of the second, surveillance, and it cannot be any other way.
But what about the first?
Is he aware of the hacking of telephone numbers?
It says the opposite, but we say 'of course if'.
Rumours on a Clarke link were first taken up by the NotW desk office when a source, with a sexual attraction to Miss Pwlby, said that he had been told: “Do not lose your time with her, she is with Charles. ”
A gang, on which pirated messages were recorded on his telephone at least three times, was seized in Mulcaire ’ s house in August 2006.
Investigators also found seizures on the private detective computer that related to Miss Pwlby and her sister, who had been on a 'project' dossier.
During the period when the detective investigated her, Miss Pwlby ’ s grandparents received anonymous calls for information on her, added Mr Edis.
Meanwhile, the former chief reporter Neville Thurlebeck and the former deferment James Weatherup oversaw the surveillance of Miss Pwlby ’ s minuscule and gestures.
In a voice that he gave him on 18 June 2005, Coulson said: ‘ I have a history that we intend to publish tomorrow that I would really like to talk about at Charles. ’
He explained that Coulson ’ s involvement in history followed the same pattern as with other important men, such as former Interior Minister David Bunkekett.
The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson confronted Mr Borlunkett about a link with a married woman when he himself was co-defendant Rebekah Brooks, who was also married at that time.
Coulson and Brooks deny that he conspired with others to pirate telephones between October 3 and 9 August 2006.
Multinational, Thurlebeck and Weathup admitted that they had carried out telephone hacking.
Barack Obama ’ s Prime Minister, in the midst of an outbreak of violence
On Friday, 1 November 2013, US President Nouri al-Maliki was to receive Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, seeking help from the United States to fight the strongest violence over the past five years.
In October, Iraq experienced its most deadly month in five and a half years, according to figures published by the Iraqi authorities on Friday 1 November.
964 people died in the violence in October, including 855 civilians, 65 police officers and 44 soldiers, and 1 600 people were injured.
The UN gives an even higher balance sheet with 979 dead and 1 902 injured.
This violence is becoming more deadly, despite enhanced security measures and large-scale military operations that have been launched for months by Nouri al-Maliki ’ s government, dominated by the Shia.
The total number of deaths in October was the highest since April 2008, when 1 073 people were killed.
Two years after US troops were withdrawn, the level of violence has led to a new conflagration, while neighboring Syria is prey to civil war.
bombs hit markets, mosques, marriages and funerals.
Men are killed on the street or even at home, and the security forces are also the target of frequent attacks.
The growing discontent of the Sunni minority, in power under Saddam Hussein, who complains to be politically marginalised and to be the target of unjust arrests, has encouraged this outbreak of violence.
On Friday, new violence killed four people in northern Iraq, following the death of at least 26 people in a series of attacks, including the explosion of five cars trapped in northern Baghdad.
Much of the violence was attributed to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (IIIL), a group affiliated with al-Qaeda (Sunni extremists), also involved in Syria ’ s civil war.
Nouri al-Maliki wants a “global war ” against al-Qaeda.
The violence is at the center of talks in the United States of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, who will be received on Friday by President Barack Obama, two years after their previous meeting on December 12, 2011.
At the time, the US President, elected on the promise to end the military engagement in that country, painted an optimistic picture of the situation.
Since he arrived in Washington on Wednesday, Nouri al-Maliki has multiplied the meetings with the executive, and elected representatives of Congress.
On Thursday he argued for the international community to conduct a 'third world war' against al-Qaeda.
The principle of increased support for Iraq in terms of security is supported by Senior Republican and Democratic Senators.
But they also criticized Nouri al-Maliki, a Shia, giving him partial responsibility for the resumption of violence by his “sectarian and authoritarian policy. ”
They also demanded that Barack Obama make Nouri al-Maliki understand that “Iran ’ s pernicious influence within the Iraqi government is a serious problem in our bilateral relationship. ”
Beijing accuses a Uighur group of the Tiananmen attack
The Chinese internal security leader, on Friday, accused a group of Uighur separatists of Xinjiang to be behind the car bomb attack that killed five in Tiananmen Square in the centre of Beijing on Monday.
The vehicle, a SUV, sank over the crowd of the Chinese capital, the symbol of the murderous repression carried out in 1989, and shooting its three passengers and two smugglers.
Deng Jianzhu, a member of the political office responsible for internal security, accused the Islamic movement of East Turkestan to be the instigator of this attack.
Many Uighurs, a Turkish-speaking minority in Xinjiang, call this Chinese Turkestan province.
For the Chinese government, this movement is responsible for frequent eruptions of violence that occur there by demands for independence.
'The violent terrorist incident in Beijing was organised and premeditated ',' Meng at the Honduran chain Phoenix TV. '
"The group that took place behind the scenes was the Islamic movement of East Turkestan", he added his remarks, which were taken up by the new China agency.
The Chinese police identified the driver of the vehicle whose name suggests it was Uyghur and made it clear that his wife and mother were with him in the car.
The latter also included containers full of petrol and flag with Orthodox religious enrollment.
The incident led to 42 injured.
The Islamic movement of East Turkestan is regarded as a terrorist organisation by the United States and the United Nations.
The Vatican on contraception, divorce, and homosexuality
The Vatican has undertaken a major survey around the world about how the parks manage sensitive issues such as contraception, divorce, and same-sex couples.
The poll asked participants how priests care about gay couples and their children, and how they treat men and women who live together without being united by marriage links.
The poll was sent to each national conference of bishops, in mid-October, to get as many answers as possible.
Information will be used for an important family meeting to be held next year by Pope François.
The news was reported on Thursday by the 'National Catholic Reporting', an independent Catholic newspaper in the United States.
A spokesperson for the Catholic Conference of Catholic Bishops in the United States has confirmed that the document is authentic and that every Bishop decides on the appropriate way to look at the parishians.
In the United Kingdom, bishops have published the Internet survey by asking Catholics to participate.
DDR: The army attacks the final strand of the rebels
M23 M23, or several hundred combatants, were entrenched at nearly 2000 metres of altitude in Chancellor, Runyonyi, and Mbuzi, close to Bundagana and Jomba, two localities located around 80 km north of the North ’ s Bundagana. Goma, the capital of North Kivu province.
'It has not ceased since this morning, the fighting is continuing in spite of the night ', told the AFP an inhabitant of Jomba, joint by telephone at 12.30 p.m., and according to which a girl was shot by a shot in the morning.
'The intensity of the clashes fell somewhat, he added 'it seems that the FARC Forces Forces of the DRC have pushed the rebels a little'.
According to this witness wishing to remain anonymous, the soldiers had 'spent the night in Jomba before playing the front for a' operation of racing '.
There was quite a lot of talk behind him of small fads of light weapons.
An AFP journalist from Bunagana, the political fiefdom and last place of the rebellion, was able to hear heavy arms detonations.
According to one source of the United Nations Mission for the stabilisation of the DRC, the fighting has entered 'a final phase', with the FARC having 'surrounded the M23 residual positions to remove them'.
Ever since the resumption, on Friday, of the clashes between the Movement of 23 Mars (Mars) and the army, Monusco is not participating directly in the fighting, but it is providing the government troops with decisive support for intelligence, observation and planning.
At the end of the afternoon, several dozen soldiers, well supplied with ammunition, went to the front line.
They were armed with kalashnikov and rocket launchers.
A little earlier, on the road to Bundagana, the border post with Uganda, aided military personnel charged a multifaceted rocket charge on a flat nine of the FARDC, with a view to taking over another gigantic swimming pouring into the Mount Mount's positions. 23 on the hills.
The Congolese President, Joseph Kabila, has once again called on the rebels to 'voluntarily demobilize' the pain of being disarmed 'by force', but has let the Kampala process opened, where Kinshasa and M23 have been discussing since December without any result for the sake of it. Now.
The M23 political leaders on the ground hope to reach an agreement.
'We finished the talks, the Ugandan mediation was to organise the signing ', as Roger Luumbaa, vice-chairman of the delegation of M23, said, without this information being confirmed immediately on the government side.
M23 was born of a mutiny, in April 2012, of former rebels, essentially Tutsi, integrated into the army in 2009 after a peace agreement.
The UN and Kinshasa regularly accuse Uganda and Rwanda of supporting M23, which Kigali and Kampala refute.
North Kivu is one of the most densely populated regions of the DRC, and its subsoil is full of coveted mining resources.
In Bundagana, on the Ugandan side of the border, where around 5 000 people took refuge between Monday and Wednesday according to the UN, the movement back to the DRC that took place in the morning reversed in mid-day.
We told the AFP Imelda Nyirankuli, the AFP Nyirankuli, surrounded by its nine children, with the AFP Imelda Nyirankuli.
One gets the impression that shots are coming closer to the people.
At the beginning of the evening, dozens of inhabitants were crossing the border, some with a matelas on the head, to spend the night in Uganda.
The musical Comediee
Classified, sophisticated, popular, English or French productions, dancing and dancing, take off.
After Broaday and London, Paris finally finds its voice.
It is a revolution: the French musical is asserting itself as a success story.
For a long time, from Nox de Paris to Mozart the opera opera opera opera opera opera opera company rock, most attempts are being made to become ludicrous.
And the successes such as Cabaret or the Missies have been a mystery.
The arrival of Jean-Luc Choplin in Châtlet and Sage - and in Mogador has changed the situation.
Today, these two scenes are a success story.
The first is this Christmas, his excellent My Fair Lady, and he announces the world creation of 'an American in Paris to Paris'.
In Mogador, 'Ble and Beast' may well be one of the success stories of the season.
On the other scenes, musical spectacles like '1789', 'the bites of the Bastille' and the small musical comedians such as' Disco 'or' Life and Times' put themselves into line with success and quality.
Patrick Niedo, author of the reference book 'History of musical comedians' and confers on the theatre of Châtelet, analyses the reasons for the hard-won success.
How do French musical comedians evolve?
The supply has increased considerably.
First of all, there are the 'musical spectacles' that evolve as producers...
Some are using - fine projections of images and a real history as in 1789, the Amants of the Bastilla.
Others are jumping back 15 years on the pretext that it can be used more or less - anything when Matt - Pokora is head of poster.
After that, we have musical comedians with the sompous productions of Châteland which make us repeat the golden age of Broadwalay and discover the universe of Stephen Sondheim, the greatest living composer.
Saying - populating Anglo-Saxon musical comedians of Anglo-Saxon musical comedians by adapting them in French.
The French independent producers are trying to achieve a breakthrough.
However, projects under way such as' Le Pen of Women Armed 'or' The Spring Aveil 'have difficulty being funded.
Do we have enough artists like Broady Broady, playing and dancing?
In Paris, when there are eight musical spectacles in a season, it is a great year.
We have 200 talent artists who turn projects into projects.
In the United States, the cradle of the musical comedium is very different.
Young people are trained in these professions in many schools.
There are many jobs between regional theatres, tournaments, Broadway, offspring...
The tale of talent is as large as the number of posts to be filled.
Why do the events in province have just as much success?
With the exception of the opera, the province remains the poor relation of culture in France.
Few theatre coins go round and it is often - the theatre of boulevard for adults, not young adults.
musical spectacles fill this gap.
It is these same young people who love television and what it produces as short-lived stars...
Proposing beautiful young men (often talented) in posters of musical spectacles is an assurance that these young girls and often their entire families will be swallowed up.
The Facebook pages of these spectacles are well received by professionals who answer questions.
These spectacles are very much expected when they arrive in a province of province.
The Myononese was climbed in Paris and disguised by the provincial.
The Show is designed to enter all major French rooms in the same form as in Paris.
One serious injured person in an accident with a ghost driver on the Brussels Ring
A road accident caused a serious injury, on Friday morning at 530 a.m., on the Brussels internal ring up to Heilloart, in the direction of Waterloo.
A driver's car has been lost by a ghost driver, who is unscathed.
The ring was closed until 9.00 a.m. on the accident, the time that the road was cleared and an expert determines the circumstances of the accident.
This situation has not, however, caused a great deal of congestion, because the accident took place at the height of the Hoeilarart exit.
It was therefore possible to deviate from this exit / entry / entry.
A child seriously injured in Disneyland Paris
A five-year-old child was seriously injured as a result of an accident involving Disneyland Paris.
His vital prognosis is no longer committed, but he is still hospitalized.
At the time of the fall, the boy was with his father on a 'Pirates of the Caribbean' boat.
It has been closed until further notice.
DRC: the army paves the way for a new assault.
Children are playing a carbon blunder that belonged to the M23 rebels, in Kbumba, on 31 October 2013, in the east of the DRC.
The Congolese army was preparing for a further attack on the last bastions of the M23 rebels of Bundagana in the east of the DRC.
The aim is to remove the M23 Mountains from Bundagana.
Yesterday, we took the Buina hill, which overshadowed that of Mbuzi.
Today, Mbuzi should fall by itself.
There will only be the Runyonyi hill.
'Check of Chancellor is not very strategic ', has indicated that the Governor of North Kivu, Julilinu Pluku, is Governor of North Kivu.
Mr Paucku is planning to travel to a Bundagana on Saturday.
The political background and the last strong place of the rebellion, that town is located at the Ugandan border, at around 80 km north of Goma.
It was resumed on Wednesday by the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Since then, a few hundred irreducable M23 have been retrenched to nearly 2,000 metres of altitude in the agricultural hills of Chancellor, Runyonyi and Mbuzi, close to Bundagana and the neighbouring town of Joma.
In Joma, an inhabitant of close fighting on Thursday throughout the day indicated that the situation was' calm since this morning '.
According to him, a woman and her child were killed by the fighting on the eve of the day and were buried.
A girl was injured by bullet, and three other people were injured, whose FARDC added this witness quoted by the AFP.
Since the resumption of fighting between FARDC and rebels on October 25, both sides have given no account of the loss of human life.
The NSA's revelations increase the paranoia of companies with regard to state surveillance.
By a beautiful day at the end of August, a German police helicopter flying at low height of the British Consulate in Frankfurt, Germany's financial capital.
In order of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), the German National Intelligence Agency, its mission was to photograph the roof of the American outpost, located less than 5 km from the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank.
The German media explained that BfVs hoped to identify the presence of listeners and that the operation gave rise to an exchange between the United States and the German Foreign Ministry in Berlin.
James Claper, the director of the US intelligence service, again insisted in September that the US does not use foreign intelligence to “steal foreign secrets from foreign companies for American companies to increase their international competitiveness or increase their profits. ”
But since Edward Snowden, the consultant who became whistle-blowing, began discovering his inexhaustible treasury of information about US surveillance secrets, European governments and business leaders no longer know whether to believe the director on his word.
There have been reports that the US National Security Agency spy the Brazilian oil company Petrobras, and has had access to data held by US suppliers of storage services in Cloud, including Google and Yahoo, more than ever. Companies are in favour of state surveillance.
The revelation that German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’ s telephone was pirated, perhaps for a decade, was the straw that spilled the camel ’ s back.
If the most powerful person in Europe can be targeted, then business leaders are surely also potential targets.
Snowden made transparent collaboration between US and business intelligence services transparent.
I think it is conceivable that these data will be used for their mutual benefit.
“Germany must wake up, ” Oliver Grün, President of BITMi, who represents German SMEs in the IT sector.
German companies believe that the US represents a risk as important as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft, according to an investigation published in July by the board EY.
However, in all the documents unveiled by Mr Snowden, there is no indication so far that the United States has sent industrial secrets from foreign companies to American companies.
Politicians have expressed concern that the EU does not have sufficient computer and Internet capabilities and that it should try to reduce its dependence on the United States.
Business leaders are sceptical about this.
A Member of the German Parliament says that we should set up a German Google.
I can only close our eyes and reopen them slowly...
'This is not the right way to do it ', as Hasso Plattner, chairman of the German company company, SAP.
If we wanted a strong European IT industry, then it should not be allowed to die 20 years ago.
Everything is subsidised in Germany, from coal to cars, to farmers.
Everything but the IT industry.
Yet the scale and sophistication of US spying agencies exposed by Snowden ’ s revelations were a shock for some companies that so far believed that China was the biggest risk in terms of surveillance.
A major change is taking place in cloud information as European officials have realised that data retained in the United States is governed by the laws of this jurisdiction and thus potentially vulnerable.
According to an investigation carried out by the Cloud Security Alliance, a professional body, some 10% of non-American members have given up their plans to use an American supplier of storage services in the clouds after revelations on the US programme for the exploration of Prism data.
Jim Snabe, co-director of SAP, says: 'Our customers are asking us a question they did not ask us a year ago: where my data are kept, and can you assure me that they will remain physically in that jurisdiction?'
Many German leaders indicate that the latest reports are merely confirmation of what they already knew, namely that powerful states want to steal their most precious secrets, and that these data must therefore be kept at all costs.
It is not surprising that there is economic espionage.
There have always been.
‘ This has been a recurring theme for many years, and nothing has changed fundamentally in the current discussion ’, which is known as Kurt Bock, Director-General of the Chemical Chemicals Society BASF.
Americans are spying on us in commercial and industrial terms just as we espouse them, because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses.
Business leaders are usually reluctant to disclose the prevention measures that they have put in place, should that leave an opponent an advantage.
Large companies have been hampering the message for a long time that it is, to say the least, unwise to recover a key USB key at a professional room or to leave an unsupervised computer without surveillance in a hotel chamber.
Ulrich Hackenberg, a member of the Audi car manufacturer's board, states that the collection of mobile phones before council meetings, so that they cannot be used as remote eavesdropping devices, has been common practice for years.
Germany ’ s BfV advises its leaders to consider using simple mobile phones prepaid when travelling abroad because of the risk of damage to the smartphones.
High-paid mobile phones are then thrown out.
However, it is feared that small and medium-sized enterprises will remain vulnerable to piracy and supervision.
In Germany, many SMEs are world leaders in their particular niche.
'SMEs often lack experience, staff and financial resources to effectively protect their industrial secrets from unauthorised access', notified the BfV in a report.
The United States alerts their own companies about the economic espionage activities carried out by other countries.
The US National Intelligence Estimate (NIE), carried out in February, cited France, as well as Russia and Israel, culpable for having carried out acts of hacking of economic intelligence, behind China, according to The Washington Post.
A member of the board of a renowned German company believed that when it comes to economic espionage, “the French are the worst. ”
Bernard Squarcini, the former French Internal Intelligence Director, the DCRI, said in an interview this month: “The services know perfectly well that all countries, even if they cooperate in the fight against terrorism, spy on their allies. ”
The parents of a teenager in Georgia, who died in unusual circumstances, believe that their son was murdered.
The parents of a teenager in Georgia, whose body was found in a tall struggle in the gymnase of his high school, believe that their son was murdered, declared his family lawyer on Thursday.
Kendrick Johnson, the de Valdosta in Georgia, was found on 11 January in a peg that stood behind the gymnasia ’ s grades behind his high school youths.
The Sheriff ’ s sheriff ’ s investigators concluded that Johnson died under unusual circumstances, but the family of the 17 year-old boy disputed these conclusions.
“They are absolutely certain that their son was murdered ’, said Benjamin Cruump, the lawyer representative Kenneth and Johnson, on FoxNewscom.
They never thought that he was dead, as indicated in the Sheriff's conclusions.
“They believe that this beggars belief, the laws of physics and common sense, ” has added Crup.
They are convinced that these conclusions were delivered for the sole purpose of covering the or those responsible for the death of their son.
“They sent their son to school with a cartable, and they returned to a mortuary bag, ” he added.
The US prosecutor Michael Moore said on Thursday that he had an official investigation into the death of Johnson, pointing out that several important issues remain unanswered.
What is the cause of death?
Is his death the result of a criminal act?
Moore spoke at a press conference on Thursday afternoon.
I will follow up the facts, wherever they lead.
My aim is to find out the truth.
'I consider that there is a sufficient basis' for an official investigation, he said.
Moore told journalists that the first autopsy indicated that Johnson had died by "positional asphyxia."
But a second autopsy identified another cause of death, according to Moore.
He said that there are a number of questions that still deserve an answer or confirmation.
Moore added that if he unites elements that justify a civil or criminal investigation into Johnson ’ s death, he will ask the FBI to lead it.
The representative of the Sheriff Sheriff office was not available to give us his opinion when we contacted him on Thursday.
A South Georgia judge, on Wednesday, ordered the authorities to submit all video recordings of video recordings which the investigators had examined.
The teenage parents of the teenager said that they had hoped that video images would contain indices of the circumstances of his death.
The CC publishes advice on allergies in children for schools.
On Wednesday, the American Centre for Disease Control issued a series of directives on how to deal with children's food allergies at school.
This is the first set of guidelines that the US government publishes, since the number of children of school age suffering from food allergies has soared.
One in 20 children in the United States is currently suffering from food allergies.
The CDC discovered that the prevalence of child food allergies rose by 18% between 1997 and 2007.
The guide contains information for schools on how to raise the awareness of children and food allergies among children, and how to deal with them in the event of allergic reaction.
It also recommends schools to have a stock of trickiine – the EpiPen brand that is most commonly used – to be able to react quickly in the event of potentially lethal anaplaxia.
The Member States ’ legislative assemblies recently updated the regulations to enable schools to have more easily in stock.
The report also includes a list of typical symptoms provided by children with allergic reactions.
Children can say, ‘ I get the impression that I have a language ’, ‘ I have the impression that I have a horse on the language ’ or ‘ I have piglets on the language ’.
The NSA case underscores the total absence of a debate on intelligence.
How can we explain the contradictory attitude of the French Government, which on one side is offending in public by convening the United States ambassador on 21 October, and on the other hand banned the overflying of land by the Bolivian presidential plane, based on the rumour of the presence on his board of Edward? Snowden?
In my opinion, there are two levels of response from the French Government.
When François Hollande telephone Barack Obama or when Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius convenes America ’ s ambassador, they respond to a real discovery, which is the extent of American surveillance of all communications in France.
Is it not surprising to read in the World Columns a few weeks from now on the one hand from the reproduction of American diplomatic correspondence and, on the other hand, a condemnation of the NSA's eavesdrops by the NSA?
Is there not a wave of hypocrisy on your part?
journalistic action is not a moral position, but a search for the interest and relevance of information that makes it possible for each citizen to form an opinion.
When WikiLeaks veils the analysis by American diplomacy of political or other issues around the world, we see this as an important lighting for American power.
When we describe American interception systems against French diplomacy in the United States, it is under no circumstances for us to be indignant about this practice, it is to describe the world as it is.
Has France received information from the NSA concerning terrorist operations aimed at our interests?
Can we deprive ourselves of American cooperation?
The introduction of technological tools of interception that have been very powerful for the last ten years by the United States, but also by France, has been officially justified by the fight against terrorism.
Moreover, in this area, in particular, France and the United States have established procedures for cooperation and almost daily exchange of information, which are described on both sides as essential.
For example, the presence of Mohammed Merah in the tribal areas in Miranshh was reported to the French by the means of the NSA.
France can be led, for example, to transmit entire data blocks on the Sahel region to American services, and in return, as has already been said, the Americans can give information to the French in other parts of the world.
So the fundamental question behind this NSA case is not so much the ability or right of countries to equip themselves with interception tools, that the question of the total absence of prior debate, particularly in the parliaments, on the justification for such systems, the perimeter that must be theirs, and ultimately, the question of whether or not to have a debate., the issue of violations of freedoms.
What is the real risk to the United States?
However much they may be denounced, I do not see how they can be punished.
The risk to Americans may be twofold.
The first is when their allies - and this was the case recently - learn that their leaders, sometimes at the top of their state, have been monitored.
This is the case with Brazil and Germany, two countries where diplomatic relations with the US have been strained.
Another effect may be more economical: more and more European or South American businesses are reluctant, in the light of revelations, to entrust their confidential data to American providers subject to US laws, and thus to the capture of the NSA.
My final point is that the broad movement of revelations undertaken by media around the world, which helps to initiate a debate on the monitoring practices of so far non-existent intelligence services, could induce legislators, including American legislators, to reconsider the powers they have given to their intelligence services.
Parents of intersexualized children can choose “undefined sex ”.
Germany has become the first European nation to recognise a third sex for infants born with ambiguous sexual organs.
The male or female of the new born will no longer be assigned to birth rigidly to birth.
Under the new law, parents will no longer be required to declare sex their child, allow them to register a “unspecified ” or“ unspecified ” sex on his birth certificate.
The purpose of the law was to remove the pressure on parents who could make hasty decisions about surgery of sexual assignment for their babies, and to combat discrimination against intersexualized people.
According to the BBC, an intersexually intersexuted person would have said years later, “I am neither a man nor a woman. ”
I will remain the patchwork of doctors, contusified and balafé doctors.
It is estimated that one out of 2 000 children born every year is neither a boy nor a girl.
They are intersexually intersexuality, intersexuality forming part of the 60 group of diseases diagnosed as disorder of sex development, a generic term for people with chromosomes or bloated (ovar or tescoals) or abnormally developed sexual organs..
Wallis Simpson could have been intersexually intersexuised.
Sexual identification is still not fully understood, but most specialists in the United States say that when sex cannot be determined, it is better to use the best available information to award it, then wait and follow the child's physical and physical development before considering a surgical act, if necessary.
Dr Jack Dresher, a psychiatrist in New York and specialist in sexual identification, said that the new German law “appears to be a good idea. ”
Intersexualized children pose an ethical dilemma.
'Some people suffer from extremely serious diseases which require surgery, but this is not the case for most children ', he added.
It is possible to make sexual assignation without operation, and see how identity develops.
The science of how a child develops a sexual identity is not very precise.
No one can answer the question as to why this happens.
It is like the mystery surrounding homosexual people.
A report submitted to the European Commission in 2011 described inter-sex persons as different from transgender or transgender people, since their status is not sex but rather their biological constitution, which is neither man nor exclusively that of a woman, but is generally both at the same time. Not clearly defined as one or the other.
These characteristics may manifest themselves in the secondary sex character (such as the muscle mass, the pilots, the chickens, and the stature), the primary sex characters (such as reproductive organs and sexual organs) or the structure of chromosomes and hormones.
The report also gave an overview of the discrimination faced by inter-gender and transgender people in the field of employment, as well as the extent of acts of harassment and violence and prejudice motivated by prejudice.
Young boys of the kind that are non-compliant now have special camps for them.
Australia and Nepal already allow adults to include male, female or “third sex ” on official documents.
In June, a 52 year-old Australian, Nore May-Welby, became the first person in the world to have been “neutral ” after he won his appeal trial that allows him to retain a“ unspecified ” sex for life.
German passports will include a third designation next to M or F – X for intersexué, according to the Ministry of the Interior.
In neighbouring France, gender issues are still subject to controversy, according to a report broadcast on France 24.
In 2011, dozens of legislators in this fundamentally Catholic country signed a petition for “gender theory ” to be withdrawn from school books.
The US site Cathec Online also opposed German law, writing that “since the world is dragged into a new rule where gender is a choice, but sexual activity is not one, two pillars of civilisation are overturned. ”
In Maryland, the mother of a baby also said on Baby Zone that she would prefer a sex to babies to be awarded to babies.
“The role of parent is sufficiently stressful without further restrictions, especially if you do not know the sex of your child, ” she said on the site for young parents.
Children need stability and certainty.
Historically, children born without male or female sexual organs were called hermphrodite, according to the beautiful Greek god who had a dual sex.
Just about ten years ago, the medical community saw gender as an arduous, which can be erased and on which we can redesign.
But now there are many who call into question the ethical basis of surgery, knowing that sexual identity is complex and sometimes doctors can deceive themselves, not knowing how a child will feel sexual reassignment when it grows.
“In the middle of the twentieth century, it was called a psychiatric emergency, ” Dresher said.
When these children were born, we did not call the psychiatrist, we call the surgeon.
The prevailing theory about how to treat children with ambiguous sexual organs was launched by Dr John Money, the University of Johns-Hopkins, who considered gender to be malleable.
He devoted the term “sexual identity, ” and argued that social and environmental signals – how parents raise a child – interact with a child ’ s genes and hormones to design it so that it is identified as male or female.
But in a case of 1966, known as “John / Joan, ” his theories have given rise to controversy.
He advised the parents of a small boy whose pens had been cut off in a botched circumcision of him to have him castrated in full, taking him away from the testicular as well, and raising him as a girl.
“Money presented this as a successful transition, but it was not, ” Dresher said.
At the age of 15, he became a boy again and married with a woman.
But, over the course of 38 years, he has committed suicide.
Dresher said that some doctors “always repeat this model. ”
But in the 1990's, with the arrival of the Internet, those who survived these sex operations say 'they are not satisfied with the result'.
This is the case of Jim Bruce, a 33-year old writer from Montana, who was born with male chromosomes XY, but from ambiguous sexual organs.
Doctors could not really say whether he had a large cliché or a small pens and believed that he could never have a “satisfactory life ” as a man.
So soon after birth in 1976, Bruce suffered surgery from the external body and testicular and was raised as a girl.
He was given female hormones at the age of 12.
'I knew that I was not a girl ', he said on ABCNewscom.
I was not happy, but it was really difficult to ask questions.
At 18, he endured a vaginlashia.
But depressed and realised that something was wrong, he asked for his medical dossier.
What he discovered was horrified.
I was sterilised at birth – and no one ever told me.
Bruce was born with a mess of sex development (DSS), which prevented his body from producing enough tetosterone for its sexual organs to develop.
Having learned the truth, he has again become a man, following treatment of tetosterone and getting rid of her seins.
The surgery has made it sterile.
Today, he defends the cause of others in an organisation called Interface Interface, which tries to normalise the perception of inter-sexualized people.
But Anne Tamar-Matpes, the director-general of the non-profit organization that is based in California Advocate for Informed Choice, fears that German law “invites labelling and stigmatisation. ”
“Many activists worry that German law encourages parents to take quick decisions and give their child a“ indefinite ” sex, ” he said.
We are afraid that it will encourage interventions.
We think it would be better to attribute a male or female sex and wait.
But we did not see what the law was going to give, so we can only put forward hypotheses.
Tamar-Mincis said that his organization supports Australian law because “it allows adults to choose to be recognised as a third sex. ”
“adults should be able to make their own decisions about a legal kind, ” she added.
The German law concerns the award of sex to birth.
This is not a battle for young children to take to that age.
When they grow up, they will be able to make decisions about their own bodies.
But Dr Arlene Baratz, a radiologist specialized in mammographs in Pittsburgh, whose daughter is affected by a sexual development mess, and which helps thousands of people in a support group, said that German law “will take responsibility ” for parents and for them. children.
The daughter of Dr Baratz, Kdiplomacy, was born with male chromosomes, but is suffering from a DDS known as full insensitivity to androgen.
As a result of the failure of his androgen receptors, Kdiplomacy developed women ’ s characteristics.
It has a vagin, but it does not have a rovage or ovar.
Today, 29 years old, Kdiplomacy is married and internal to infant psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania.
Although it is sterile, it hopes to have children through adoption services or beating mothers.
'The law gives parents a certain latitude so that they do not have to make hasty decisions', said Baratz.
This gives them time to carry out certain tests and to understand them, and a deadline before they include 'male' or 'female'.
So, all goes well – you can bring up your child and love it.
You have a beautiful baby and enjoy the pleasure of being parent.
You do not have to rush into a surgical intervention that is irreversible.
“This puts children at the heart of the decision and mitigates the sense of anxiety that motivates parents because they are afraid of not doing what they need, ” he said.
Finally, the child will decide with which sex he or she feels the most comfortable, and that is something wonderful.
This allows the child to take the decision for himself.
Lettered in government ’ s longevity
Italian Council President Enrico Letta believes that his government will hold until 2015, despite the strong tensions between left and right within the ruling coalition, with the Senate vote to remove Silvio Berlusconi from his mandate.
In an interview with La Stampa in the daily newspaper La Stampa, he said that he was firmly committed to continuing to govern with his coalition until the next general election in 2015.
The Italian Parliament's upper house will meet later this month to decide the fate of the former President of the Council convicted of tax fraud in August.
Silvio Berlusconi is threatening to withdraw his support for the government if the Senate, where he has more opponents than supporters, pronounces his dismissal.
But part of his camp, grouped together around the National Secretary of People ’ s Freedom (PDL) Angelino Alfano, continues to support the government, as was demonstrated on 2 October last year by his refusal to give in to Berlusconi ’ s orders for already dropping the cabinet.
L.A. Times reports that an agent of the US Transport Agency, TSA, and a suspect have been injured during the exchange of fire.
There have been firefighters who have said that they have responded to a call for 'multiple injured'.
'The forces of law and order are there, the airport is on its Twitter account, while television pictures showed people evacuated in ambulances.
'There was a shooting ', told the AFP a spokesman for the US Transport Security Agency (TSA).
ABC ’ s local antenna showed a person evacuated on a buck, and a second transported on a wheelchair.
The incident took place at 9.30 local levels (12.30 p.m. in Montreal) at the airport's 3 terminal 3, and specified the airport as well.
The Los Angeles Times states that the 2 and 3 tours are being evacuated.
The spokesman for the TSA was unable to confirm in the immediate future whether one of his employees was injured.
All flights to and from the airport have been suspended.
The Israeli army kills a member of Hamas in Gaza-sthese
On Thursday, Israeli tanks killed an Islamist militant Hamas militant from Hamas and seriously injured another in the south of the Gaza Strip, from sources of health services.
A source of Hamas has explained that fighting has broken out in that region, because Israeli tanks have crossed the border and were targeted by Palestinian morals.
The Israeli army simply referred to 'targeted action' in the area close to a tunnel described as' terrorist 'by the Israeli state, which was wiped out at the border and whose discovery was announced mid-October.
Report: Obama ’ s campaign as Biden fell for Hillary Clinton.
President Barack Obama ’ s closest advisers have planned, in the greatest secrecy, to replace Vice-President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton on the 2012 list, according to the New York Times.
This revelation is the most significant event that appears in the expectation of Mark Halperin and John Heilmann, the 2012 “Down Down, ”“ Down 2012. ”
The Times received a copy of the book to appear, and on Thursday evening told that the president ’ s close collaborators had carried out “in-depth work in groups and polls at the end of 2011 ” to see whether Biden ’ s ouster could help Obama to re-election when his hopes dwindled.
According to the political correspondent of Times Jonathan Martin, the book provides a detailed analysis of the work of the campaign ’ s top leaders and the White House, the former Secretary General of the White House Bill Dealy, aimed at measuring the effect of the former Secretary of State ’ s replacement by former Secretary of State Clinton. Perhaps we could have a vote on the ballot.
The possibility of exchange is a secret that has been fiercely kept within the Chicago campaign of Chicago and within the Oval Office.
Only half a dozen close councillors – notably Dealy, Obama ’ s former chief campaign leader Jim Messina and former councillors in the White House David Axelrod and David Plouffe – knew that change was under consideration.
Down indicated that Down led the charge to replace Biden, despite “close personal links, ” before finally deciding against change when the figures showed that Clinton on the presidential list was“ not improving Obama ’ s chances of success. ”
In an interview with Martin, Dealy confirmed that the administration effectively envisaged the replacement of Biden by Clinton.
“I said that I had looked at a whole series of questions, and that was one of them ’, said Dealy to the newspaper.
Remember that at that time the President was not in shape, so we were told, 'Lord, what can we do?'.
While Dealy called “concert, ” Martin Cooper told CNN that the re-election campaign had invested a great deal of effort to find out whether change would be beneficial in the ballot box.
'The countryside does not spend much money on the polls and on discussion groups unless they are serious about taking measures', according to Martin on AC360.
However, we do not know whether Obama was aware that his team was considering replacement.
Martin said on CNN that he asked Dealy if his boss knew about the possible reshuffle.
Although Dealy said that he did not think the President “knew ” about possible change, the former Secretary General admitted that he was“ possible ” that Obama knew.
Martin added that “Down ’ s ” did not provide a definitive answer to the question as to whether political opinion polls had reached Obama ’ s office.
Cooper asked Martin if he thought seriously that Obama did not know that Biden ’ s ouster from the presidential list was being considered.
‘ Perhaps ’, he replied.
Do you want to see a fluo ice?
A British businessman created the first fluorrescent ice in the world.
Charlie Francis has benefited from the fluorescent properties of this marine animal to develop a luminescent collation.
He had the idea after reading a study of the mouths and convinced Chinese scientists to recreate the brilliant protein.
The glacious cream reacts with language by increasing the protein pH to make it shine.
Chris explains that, since the cream cream is beginning to read when she reacts to the heat of the mouth, the more you leave, the more brilliant it becomes.
Charlie, the founder of the gick society ‘ Lick Me Dliicus ’, said: ‘ It is an incredible thing, but we are still in the early stages of production, and 2 g of that cost costs about £200 ’.
The protein we use in ice reacts with the neutral pH language.
So when your mouth is heating up the protein, the pH level is rising, and ice is shining.
We have tested it over the last few months and it seemed appropriate to share it with everyone at the moment of Halween because it gives an extraordinary brilliant effect.
It is probably the most expensive ice I created because the fence of the mouths is four times more expensive than gold.
So I cost about £140 in every boom.
But it has a rather good taste!
Society with the experimental approach of Charlie, based in Bristol, is known for its unusual ice perfumes such as beer, cheese, beef and the gold leaf.
But its next creation is becoming even more ambitious.
He added: ‘ I would really like to develop an invisible ice ’.
It is intrinsically impossible because of the recrimination caused by icy cracks that are the cream cream, but I think I will find a way to do that.
The ice uses the fluorescent properties of the mouthic nature of Chinese scientists.
Lou reed was dead during a tacit session.
The Lou reed was dead when he was carrying out tacit exercises, on Thursday he revealed his wife Laaurie Anderson in a letter published by the Regional newspaper 'East Hampton Star' and aimed at the inhabitants of the town of Springs, where the couple had a house.
The artist died last Sunday at the age of 71.
'He died on Sunday morning when he looked at the trees and made the famous 21st movement ', with his musician hands who bled the air, writes Laaurie Anderson.
Lou reed was mastery, a Chinese martial art art.
The wife of the singer also explains that she promised her husband, the week before his death, to get him out of the hospital and to take him to their homes in Springs (Long Island).
I have spent a great deal of time here over the last few years.
And even if we are city dwellers, it is our spiritual home.
'Lou was a prince and a fighter, and I know that his songs about the pain and beauty of the world will transmit to many people the great joy of living he had that he had ', adding.
Last May, a liver transplant had been subjected to a liver transplant.
Hloweed 2013: In figures
When I was small, Hloween was magic.
My sister and I were allowed to eat sweets, go late and dress to the neighbourhood.
Today, I have become more ingrained.
Over the past two years, I have not distributed a single good and I will certainly not do so this year.
But trainees show that I am the black sheep when we speak of Hloween.
The majority of Americans – 158 million of them in fact – will celebrate Hloween this year, spending a total of $6.9 trillion in sweets, disguise and decorations, according to the National Retail Federation.
What I look forward to at every Hloween party is the trends.
The disguise should represent $1.2 of the $6.9 billion spent, according to the NRF.
This year, inanimated extortionate objects are fury.
Women no longer need to be sexy professionals; they can also be sexy foods like pizzas, hamburgers and carrots.
As far as men are concerned, I expect to see many zombies, thanks to the television series of The Walking Dead, and I am betting that the men of the Dasoft Pundk area will be among our photographs of Instgram this year.
According to Google, the most sought-after disguise is the zombie, Batman, pirates and witches.
I assume that there is no difficulty in remaining traditional.
We disguised our dogs last year and, to my astonishment, they were not alone.
In fact, the US is going to spend $330 M on animals this year, according to the NRF.
It makes many strange dogs disguised as hootes.
When it is a question of sweeteners, we do not sleep.
Americans will spend $1.9 on sweeteners this year, according to Nielsen ’ s cabinet.
This represents around 272 million bars of Hershy, sugar, Milk Duds, Twizzlers and Clark Clark.
This is a great deal for the 41 million children who go to hunt for sweets in their neighbourhood, according to the US Department of Commerce.
In fact, we are going to buy and, let us not tell ourselves, consume 41 million kg of chocolate during Halween.
corn bones are the only thing we do not want to eat, yet almost 16 million kg are sold for Halween, according to the National Confliction Association.
That means around 9 billion corn grains.
This is a mystery that I have not yet managed to clarify.
Nothing is more representative of Hloween than Hloween.
They carry the best names, such as' Terror Beind the Walls', 'How-O-Scream' and 'The House of Shcek'.
In fact, there are 1 200 houses that have been officially recognised in the United States, which generates around 500 or so receipts of revenue, according to the Americas, and that includes the wonderful photographs of you with you that your friends put on Facebook and that you cannot take away from them. On which you like a kind of style style style.
Finally, let us talk about cement.
Charlie Brown presented to us La Grose Ciroille when you were a gamble, and sculpting a mover in the form of motherhood, that is, like decorating a Christmas tree – something that we have been doing since we were all small.
Fortunately for us, the 'baby cifilles trend' began only last year thanks to Pinteris, so most of us have sculled these potiles and have not had to sit in.
This year, Americans will spend about $106 M in cement, according to U.S. Census Bureau.
The towers that are slowly waking up on your house were probably from Illinois, where 542 million cement nets were grown this year.
If you try to make you more noticeable, call Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa, California, and try to scrap their cilles from 922 kg.
Royal Bank of Scotland will inject GBP 38 billion (€45 billion) into the most risky assets, a measure aimed at relaxing relations with London and accelerating its reprivatization.
The bank wants to reduce the proportion of dubious assets in its balance sheet from 55% to 70% over the next two years and hopes to cleanse it completely within three years.
RBS also said that it would include a provision for the depreciation of additional dubious bad claims of GBP 4 to 4.5 billion in the quarter, a writing linked to the constitution of the cantoning structure.
RBS also made it clear that this internal restructuring would release GBP 10 to 11 billion of capital, thereby strengthening its lending capacity.
The bank and London stressed that the 'bad bank' would be able to draw a line under the past, with the government in particular being accused of interfering in the management of RBS.
'We can now move forward, concern the future and the 90% of the assets that constitute a truly good bank and build a large bank for clientele and for the United Kingdom ', the new director General Ross McEwan said to the press.
Land Rover announced its sponsoring of a series of rallies
The internal house has a minimum number of seat-belts and a 6 herring seatbelts, as well as an Intercom system.
Among the options, such as improved brakes, a service providing access to the Bowler Works mechanics, logistical support and the storage of the vehicle between two events.
Drew Bowler, the Director-General of Bowler Motorport, said: 'The amateurs joining Bowler have changed.'
They are not all experienced, some seek excitement and adventure and realistic access to international events.
We are truly happy to offer such an approach in partnership with Land Rover and MSA, and we are convinced that it will be a new way of looking at different forms of rallies in the UK and internationally and preparing for the riggers and realities of raids raids on raids..
It was a great pleasure to develop the Defder Challenge ’ s vehicle – the championship is really going to be palpable. ”
Moreover, the Defense Challenge will propose a February training and testing day and the opportunity to take part in events in the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East.
The fire brigade was called upon to rescue a haot lost after being stuck at 15 m above the soil on an unstable cornival in a career.
Ruby, a beacon coker, escaped after a serious accident on the road.
It was picked up three days later by a person who promoted his dog in his career.
The fire brigade descended on the cliff to recover the Chilean chip and save it from a certain death.
A chiot had the chance to get out of the worst after the fire brigade was asked to recover him safely when he was lost at 15 m above the soil on the unstable season of a cliff.
Ruby, a 9 months coker, escaped after a road accident on Sunday afternoon and survived only three days before he was saved in a career on Wednesday.
His owners, Scott Alderson, 25 years, and his small friend Beckey Hall, 20 years ago went to the career of Flrespite in Drenolme, in the West Yorkshire, to rediscover Ruby and thank the rescue and rescue service. West Yorkshire.
They had been desperately searching for their lost chiefs and launched a call on social networking sites after they disappeared into the career as a result of an unseverity accident.
Towards 14.15 Wednesday, a person with an acute view who promoted his dog reneged up Ruby on a career corniche, 15 m above the soil.
A technical rescue team from the Ceckheaton fire rank poured into the scene and took on as a reminder to save Ruby by using an animal civic to transport it up to the cliff of the cliff.
Andy Clayton ’ s technical expert, Andy Clayton, said: “It was in a precarious situation. ”
She was in the middle of the cliff, at 15 m of the summit and 15 of the soil.
It did not move at all during the rescue – it was frozen.
But it is going well now.
She eaten biscuits after.
It was a very unusual appeal.
It is unbelievable that someone noticed the dog.
The technical rescue expert Peter Lu said: 'Ruby was very fortunate to get out of it unscathed'.
It could have been seriously injured or worse.
Ruby was led by the veterinarian for control; his general state was satisfactory, apart from exhaustion and dehydration.
Miss Hall, from Halifax in the West Yorkshire, said: “I was terrified by observing the rescue. ”
First of all, I did not believe that she was there.
It was surprising to have him in his arms again.
The veterinarian said that if she had been too exhausted and vanished, she would probably have fallen.
The fire brigade has been wrecking.
What they did was really courageous.
We are so grateful to them, all of them have been absolutely wonderful.
Mr Alderson, from Keighley, added: ‘ One was afraid that it fell, but it did not move. ’
The fire brigade has been suppressed.
I cannot believe that she was there.
Mick Jagger says that he never dreamed Katy Perry when she was 18.
During an interview with Australian radio this week, the pop star declared that she was a chorist of Jagger Hard's song in 2004.
Perry claimed to dine with the roterie of rock and explained, “He dragged me when I was 18 years old. ”
She added, “It was a long time ago, and he was very kind. ”
In a statement on Thursday, a representative of Jagger, 70 years old, said he 'categorically denies Katy Perry'.
The representative added: ‘ Perhaps it confuses it with someone else ’.
Perry was one of the lucky ones to make an appearance during the Rolling Start round this year.
His new album, 'Prism', landed at the top of the charts this week.
Beijing calls into question a Turkmen Islamic movement
'The backroom support for the attack came from the Islamic Movement of East Turkestan based in Central and Western Asia ', declared the boss of China's security bodies to a Hong Kong television station, according to a video on an Internet site on Thursday evening.
Deng Jianzhu, who is a member of the political office of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), spoke in Tashkent on an official visit to Uzbekistan.
This is the first time that a Chinese official has appointed a special organisation after the attack on Monday.
According to the Chinese police, three Uighurs of a single family from the Islamic region of Xinjiang, a border region of several Central Asian countries, have precipitated their gasoline gasoline cars against the entry of the Cité banned in Beijing, in a suicide attack that claimed two deaths and caused two deaths. 40 injured.
The car driver, his wife and her mother died in the fire of the car.
Etim, which declared itself to be fighting for the independence of East Turkestan, a former Chinese Xinjiang name, was classified by the UN in 2002 as organisations affiliated with al-Qaeda.
This movement is often appointed by the Chinese authorities as responsible for the sporadic disorders in Xinjiang, but its real influence is being questioned by several experts.
George Kerevo: The Scot of Europe gives the Scots a choice.
Another day, another worrying history of independence.
This time, we were told that an independent Scotland would be required to join the European area of free movement in order to be able to join the EU.
Now we hear stories of passport control at Berwick and a barbed wire border along the Hadnothing wall.
While it is true that Strathyde ’ s newspaper indicated the possible economic effects of greater freedom of movement with the rest of Europe, it was not in the headlines (and that was forecast).
Nor has anyone said that EU Member States spend a large part of their time circumventing their formal rules when it suits them.
Since Scotland is not part of the Schengen area at the moment, continued non-compliance with the rules would be a minor concession that Brussels could offer in return for everything it wants to get from Scots.
It is therefore a story that is not one of them.
And a history so old that it is now fixed: I heard for the first time that 'independence means passport control' more than 40 years ago.
However, there has been an interesting point in this interpretation of an old dust.
Why should an independent Scotland follow Europe's instructions, in fact?
Why exchange London's yoke against that of Brussels, especially now?
This is the real topical issue in Europe: the great postwar plan to unify Europe is completely at a standstill.
With the euro crisis, the Europe Project is officially dead.
Across Europe, parties that oppose the EU or who are fighting for the euro as a common currency are gaining ground.
Even in Germany, the Eurosceptic Alternative for Germany, based solely this year and arrived at nowhere, brought almost five million votes together in the September federal elections and lifted the Liberal Democratic Party (equivalent of our Liberal Democrats) from the Bundestag.
There has always been a national opposition to the project to create a federal Europe.
However, the current economic crisis has marked a turning point.
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank, together with the straitjacket of national economies through membership of the single currency, has led many people to think that Europe has gone too far.
The euro crisis has little to do with national governments that run excessive budget deficits – that was true only for Greece.
Instead, the European system has put its members in favour of German exporters – which German politicians want to retain.
Without the possibility of a devaluation of the national currency, southern European countries end up with an intrinsic productivity problem vis-à-vis Germany.
The only recourse is to cut wages and public spending – encouraged by Berlin.
Beyond the current fiscal and monetary problems, there is a deeper unease with productivity in Europe.
Following the “green ” energy policies imposed by Brussels – which are a reason for subsidizing French and German energy companies at the consumer ’ s expense – European industry pays twice as much for electricity and four times as much for gas as the US.
This is a drawback in terms of costs, as we have already seen in Grannaut.
All wage earners in the world will not prevent the European petrochemical industry from being penalised by cheap American shale gas.
As a result, the revolt, particularly in France, is one of the EU's great leaders.
After the war, the French political elite considered the EU to be a means of controlling Germany and putting Paris on an equal footing with Washington.
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport to its political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy in Europe, leaving the French economy damaged.
As a result, Marine Le Pen ’ s far-right National Front, the anti-European National Front, has just won a crucial partial election, sending the Socialists to power in third place.
The National Front is now the most popular party in France with 24% of the vote – a timely warning to the British Labour Party that it cannot assume that a split from the right will automatically promote the left.
What does Marie Le Pen do with his new popularity among the French white working class?
It wants to use the European elections next year to create a single anti-European and anti-European bloc in the European Parliament.
If the anti-European parties are good at these elections, which is very possible, such a bloc could control the European Parliament for the first time.
That is what I think: very soon, the anti-European and anti-currency sentiment in Europe will unite and end up killing the euro.
The EU will not disappear, but it will return to something that will look more like 'the Europe of Nations (sovereign)' favoured by General de Gaulle.
Germany and some of its satellite economies could keep the euro, but France and southern Europe will regain their own currency.
I expect the United Kingdom to distance itself from this project, and I hope it will be a soft one in the United States.
But Washington ’ s growing interest in the Pacific suggests that Britain will be left behind in the Atlantic.
And Scotland, in all this?
We can decide to be a region of small England (essentially).
Or we can defend our own economic interests, which includes sending Berlin and Brussels.
I believe that Scotland could live with a freer European agreement, provided that we keep our own currency.
Cooperation with other countries with similar views would be easier in a non-federal Europe.
Otherwise, we should emulate Norway and retain our economic independence.
SNP ’ s SNP government is – and this is worth noting – the most successful anti-austerity political movement in Europe, as it won a spectacular majority in 2011 based on its opposition to the proposed cuts (and implemented) by the Labour Chancellor, Allisir Darling. and the conservative / Liberal Democrat coalition that followed.
It would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence if it were to accept the austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels.
Early Puberty: Ageing earlier
Studies show that African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the punch age earlier than white girls.
Physical Change does not mean that the puberty is imminent.
There is no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are responsible for this.
Experts believe that the obesity epidemic could be a trigger for early puberty.
The trend towards early puberty is not so pronounced among boys.
The old CNN correspondent Pat Etheridge is a specialist journalist in family and child health issues.
Should a mother be worried if her daughter ’ s seins and peasants are starting to grow to 7 or 8 years?
At the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediarics this week in Orlando, Florida, Dr Paul Kafowitz, child endocrinologist, explained that early physical changes are fairly common among young people. American and a new standard.
“I spend a lot of time reassuring parents – in general it does not indicate a rapid evolution to full puberty ’, Kaplowitz said.
There are clear signs of development, such as the burgeoning of seins, the poles under the arms and the punch zone and body smell.
But there was only a small advance in the age of the first rules over the last four decades.
In the United States, the average age is 12 and a half years, while it was 12 quarters of three quarters in 1970.
“Once the chest began to develop, it takes at least two or three years before the first rules appear, ” Kaplowitz, also the author of Early Puberty in Girls: The Essential Guide to Cing with This." Prosperm ".
Time is the most precise test of how puberty is going to change.
There is a debate about what constitutes the real outbreak, but it is considered to be 'early' when the development of the chest is accompanied by sudden growth before the age of 8.
In most cases, development slows or stops – something that a paediatrician can follow closely.
A faster evolution can justify tests carried out by endocrinologists to remove serious problems such as tumours or kysts.
There are treatments for delaying the appearance of the first rules and preventing further consequences: premature ageing of the bones that can curb growth and a small size in adulthood.
The recommendations for medicinal and hormonal treatment are based on the age of the child, the rate of development, the rate of growth and the emotional maturity.
The psychosocial aspects are also important.
Kapowitz is prudent with drugs, but recognizes that “control of puberty can reduce behavior and sensation for young girls to be different from others. ”
The other major problem is understandable: parents simply do not want their very young girls to have their rules.
'They fear the risk of pregnancy or even the way in which they are going to deal with hygiene issues', said Katlowitz.
“It was a shock, ” reminiscent of a woman whose daughter had its first rules at 10 years.
Even if there were signs and we talked about the rules, it was not emotionally prepared.
She returned from the scary and shocked school of being the first one of her friends.
There are many theories of public knowledge about the causes of early puberty.
However, there is no coherent theory that hormones contained in milk or other foods, chemicals present in the environment or sexual messages from the media are responsible.
boys, like girls, reach their puberty earlier.
Kapowitz claims that the most credible hypothesis is that of the obesity epidemic.
He took part in a study of girls aged between 6 and 9, which links the percentage of fat mass to the outbreak of puberty.
Other discoveries support this conclusion, but there are many other influential factors.
In that country, African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls.
There are various explanations.
At global level, the mechanisms of early puberty seem to be influenced by everything, from economic conditions to the genes.
Another problem is the fact that the boys have poison on their face and in the younger pub area, the trend towards genuine early puberty is not as pronounced as among girls.
Other doctors at the AAP conference insisted on the complexity of the subject.
The appearance of the acité and the pogoods are commonplace, even in infants and small ones.
“We must be careful about how we identify the true appearance of puberty, ” Dr Lawrence Silverman said, a child endocrinologist working at the children ’ s children ’ s hospital Goryeb in Morristdown in New Jersey.
Parents should not hesitate to ask their paediatrics to know how to speak with their children.
“This may mean having a conversation earlier than planned, ” Kaplowitz explained.
If you remain calm, your child will respond well in general.
Girls with early pubering must be reassured that, even when it happens earlier than anticipated, the process is part of life.
The Risk of the Coen ’ s Risk
'Inside Llewn Davis' of brothers Coen, Grand Price of the last Cannes Festival, is a nostalgic and nostalgic film on the Greenwich village of 1961 and the folk music which was just beginning to resonate there before it arrived. Bob Dylan.
Joel and Ethan Coen, whose filmography has just been the subject of a retrospective to the French Cenathan, had failed the Palme of Golden in Cannes in 1991 for Barton Fink.
Failing to hire Dylan or the Trio Peter, Paul and Mary, Joel and Ethan Coen threw off the rising star of American cinema, Oscar Isaac, 33 years, but also the global star pop Justin Timber. on behalf of the EFD Group.
In this humour movie where music is a central figure and live songs, Oscar Isaac turns out to be a musician and singer of folk, while Timberlake, her friend in the film, leaves the pop for mad music with contagion. Judge jubilation.
As for Carey Mullian, she left Disy Mullian ’ s rich tower in "Gatsby the beautiful" Gatsby, "for a soft voice, a soft voice when she speaks, but the jury is dressed in the machine when she speaks.
'Inside Llewyn Davis', he tells a week's tribunals of a folk singer who is not able to penetrate and get angry with the whole earth.
It accepts replacements on foot in the studios.
Without housing he is looking at the cannons of his friends who want to receive him still.
The Fall of Fdocumentary
'His relationship with success is tortured, that is what was of interest to us: a mixture of bad luck, a boy who is not there at the right time, who is not careers but integrates, with self-destructive behaviour ', declared to the Ethan Coen press, crowned with his or her crowd. Father Joel of several Oscars and Prices in Cannes.
If Llewyn Davis did not exist, the two film-fans of mad music built their history on true personalities of the time like the musician mad Dave Von Ronk.
The idea was to show the time before the advent of Greenwich village, this New York district called 'the epicenter of the development of mad music which would create international stars' as the journalist Elijah Wald, a friend of Van Ronk, wrote.
The film then takes a documentary, the dusty music label flooded with 33-T invented by an old secretary, unpayable secretary, musical choices of the then studios and the cafés where the singers came.
The magic of the Coen is still operating by integrating a funny figure who crosses the film permanently: a magnificent cat in the eyes of Llewyn Davis ’ s makeshift companion.
When asked about the way he made up his characters, the actor and singular Justin Timberlake reminded us that he had 'grown up in the Tennese, swimmed by the blues and cousy'.
"My first lesson of music was given to me by my grandfather who taught me to play in the guise ', he added.
For Justin Timlalake, if work is needed to “be considered good, ”“ chance can also launch someone ’ s career, ” and “increasingly today. ”
As Llewyn Davis who refuses to compromise on his music, the pop star explains that in a career, 'the most important thing is not to allow ourselves to be coined by anything that may prevent us from speaking'.
Gérard de Villiers, the 'SAS' author, is dead.
He will never have had the word pensions.
The French edition of the French edition, Gérard de Villiers, who died on Thursday to 83, had just published his 200th SAS, the Kremlin ’ s Vengalance.
In February, the New York Times devoted it to "the author of spying novels who knew too much".
He then went to Afghanistan ten days ago, the theatre of the 198 and 1990s opus from the famous series of spying novels.
On this journey with a very serious heart attack in December 2010, he was dissipating himself with an ambulance.
And, before Afghanistan, he was also party to Libya, Russia, Lebanon, and Mali.
With four SAS SAS published a year, Gérard de Villiers, who was born on December 8, 1929 in Paris, ignored the exact number of books sold since 1965 and the publication of 'SAS in Istanbul', the first of the series almost half a century ago.
'Without doubt between 120 million and 150 million countries', he argued this last March.
The Burmese cat on the knees, in the hallroom of his immense apartment from a building block of the Arc to two steps away from the Arc de Tri<unk> e, the malicious eye under his white hair, he quoted some languages in which the adventures of SADC were carried out by the Ac Arc. They were translated: Italian, German, Russian, Greek, Japanese or Korean.
'Not counting pirate editions', he added, naming a pile of books on the low table between bronzes or Ivorires reported from the 130 arduous countries to place his novels there.
For the price of a packet of cigarettes, the reader has the right to the traditional cover with the photograph of a young woman with an advantageous hand, wearing a gun or a assault gun.
At home, his sereneessm sness (SAS), Prince Malko Linge, an unarduous Austrian aristocrat, and CIA contractor to pay repairs of family retribution, is embarking on all the bad guys of the earth, the communist community of years, to pay repairs. 70 and 80, then jihadis from the 1990s.
Every book, the same recipe: a large dose of geopolitics and exotism, a few scenes of hard sex, a zeste of violence and torture.
'I have never had the claim to be a literary author ', explained Gérard de Villiers.
I see myself as a container who writes for people to whom I am not sending a message.
He worked 'like the great pre-war reporters, like Albert London, who went there with real and long investigations'.
The father of SAS said 'to make a kind of geopolitical soap soap'.
"I am constantly my dossiers (Afghanistan, Syria,...) before leaving ', adding Gérard de Villiers.
On the ground, I meet journalists, including those of the AFP, diplomats, people of services that I have known for some 20 or 30 years.
As a result, many of his SAS ’ s are often prematurely prematurely prematurely. For example, a month before the attack on a Syrian leadership centre that killed several senior officials, he told history in “Damascus. ”
In "Benghazi", he was the first to reveal the existence of a secret CIA command centre in that city, the cradle of the Libyan revolt.
In 1980, he staged the assassination of Egypt ’ s President Anwar Sadat in “The Cairo Conspiracy, ” one year before the attack.
In October 2012, in “Panic to Bamako, ” he reported the 4X4 jihadist columns based on the Malian capital.
I am not a guest, defending Gérard de Villiers, I am simply making hypotheses from countries that I know well and, from time to time, some of my hypotheses are being realised.
After these trips in often troubled areas, he set himself up for a month behind his IBM writer IBM from 1976 'whose full parts have been changed'.
300 pages later he wrote the word 'IFN' and corrected every page at the pen.
At its office, there are AK-47 guns on AK-47, erotic photographs and photographs of the author with African warlords.
Gérard de Villiers dismissed these accusations in two sentences, regularly singled out for machismo by feminist leagues and for racism by human rights organisations and racism.
Some women are sexual objects in my books, but others are beautiful, intelligent and courageous women.
I am always very welcome in Africa, where I have a great many readers.
Gérard de Villiers said: 'Malko Linge, like all heroes, has no age'.
He will not die and will not retire.
Nor do I.
The Fairers argue about the width of seats, while large orders are at stake.
The dispute is raging between the large aircraft manufacturers over the width of tourist class seats on long-haul flights, paving the way for a bitter confrontation at the Dubai aeronautical salion, which takes place in the month.
The conflict relates to the width of proposed seats on long-distance passenger flights – not always the most courted by airlines, but to which the allocated space is essential for increasing efficiency gains in the last appliances presented by Airbus and Boeing Co.
This week Airbus has called on the aviation industry to put in place a standard requiring a seat size of at least 18 hens (45.72 cm) in the economic classes, but its great American rival Boeing says that it should be up to the airlines to decide.
The dispute has broken out when avioners seek to sell even larger versions of their milder planes, possibly hoping for a record-high order when the event takes place from 17 to 21 November.
The way in which seats will be ready at the back of the plane – in particular, there will be 9 or 10 front-seat seats – is essential for the economic performance of the mini-jubilbro segment.
Boeing says that its “777X ” reorganization can receive 406 people in seats of more than 17 large hens, and will be configured with 10 seats per rank.
Airbus points out that the rival version of its A350 will carry 350 people in economic class 350 people in 18 hens in the middle of the 9 hens.
The aircraft giants often exchange coups on technical issues by advertising in the professional press.
Now Airbus is directly appealing to the public before the Dubai Airline, where 777X should take over its competitors with more than 100 orders.
Recently, we saw what could be the beginning of a new advertising war with the presentation to financiers of a photograph showing three people in restaurants, entitled “Will you accept that? ”
"Boeing proposes long-distance flights in smaller seats than in regional turbopropeers," John Leahy, the commercial director of Airbus.
As eating habits change, people grow, but the seats in aircraft have not radically changed.
Between the early 1970 ’ s when Boeing ’ s jumo 747 defined modern long-haul travel, and the turn of the century, the average American ’ s weight of 40-49 years increased by 10%, according to data from the US Department of Health.
The size of the average American in the 21st century is 39.7 hens, according to US health statistics.
Airbus declares that its rivals are clinging to a concept of siege which dates back to the 1950s, when the circumventing of the newly-called 'jet jet' circuit was narrower.
Airbus adds that it commissioned a study indicating that one extra chicken in the width of seats would improve the quality of sleep by 53%.
Boeing is disputing the figures for Airbus as regards the width of the seats and says that it is not up to manufacturers to decide how the airlines balance ticket and equipment prices.
He also says that the study shows that the cabin experience does not depend only on the width of seats.
'It really is a question of giving airlines flexibility and enabling them to do what they think they have to do to carry out their activities', has said Kent Craver in charge of Boeing's satisfaction.
They do not want to be told what will enable them to be profitable.
They know their business better than anyone.
For passengers, it is more a question of having a certain freedom of movement, but for suppliers this is increasingly an issue that could affect their results.
Behind the dispute lies a race for aircraft orders for an estimated $700 of at least $700 at the price of the market in the coming decades to shift the balance of US and European exports.
As Reuters pointed out for the first time in July, the configuration of seats is exactly what is fueling the battle between the last appliances.
Airbus and Boeing both claim a seat yield per seat in their latest models of long-distance steers 20% higher than that of the market leader in this segment, the Boeing 777-300ERER by 365 seats.
The performance announced by Boeing depends, in part, on the comparison between the 777X configuration with 10 seats per rank and a 777 work-home model of 9.
The advantage in terms of unit costs is low compared to the apparatus with 10 seats at the moment in service.
‘ Boeing does it to be able to cup more seats and make its aircraft more competitive in relation to our products ’, has declared Kevin Kenison, Director of Contester to the European Airbus.
On the other hand, analysts say that the junior cabins with 10 seats per row in the 777 seats suggest that many passengers vote for a more dense configuration, which can go hand in hand with cheaper tariffs.
"A width for 18 hens would be perfect for passengers, but the reality is that, from a commercial point of view, the Airbus proposal is motivated by the threat of 777 ', declared the expert at Mary Kirby, the founder and chief editor of Rénée, Mary Kirby. 'Girl Network Network'.
Airbus and Boeing do not provide seats, but propose a catalogue of suppliers to which the airlines must choose.
The aircraft sellers who turn around the world even one metre to check the competing configurations.
While all manufacturers are selling comfortable devices, all manufacturers also offer aeroplanes with high-density configurations to low-cost airlines and regional travel companies.
Airbus provides an A350 with 10 seats per rank but it has not yet sold it.
Until recently, Airbus pointed out the need for greater personalization of cabins by offering larger seats to some of its aircraft.
Without support from the only major manufacturer of modern modern appliances, experts say that it is unlikely that his appeal to the aviation industry to set up a size standard for seats will succeed, but that he could forget the wave of 777X sales.
The shareholders of Oraces irated by Elison ’ s salary
A majority of shareholders in Oraces voted on Thursday against the proposal for remuneration for the founder and Director-General Larry Elison, given the financial performance of his group.
The vote is not binding, but tarnishes the image of Larry Elison, the third largest wealth of the world with the victory of her ship at the American Cup.
The billionaire still holds 25% of the capital of the software group he co-founded 40 years ago.
Last year, Elison had voted against its remuneration.
The boss ’ s boss gave up a $1.2 million bonus for 2013 closed in May because of the group ’ s poor performance targets, which lacked its growth targets, but received roughly $77 million in stock options.
His fixed salary is only a symbolic dollar.
Out of the total 2013 financial year, the net benefits of Oraces rose by 3.5%, while stock prices at 27.5%, overperforming the S & P 500 index, took 24% at the same time.
The New anti-nicotine vaccine could remove the pleasure of smoking.
Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could remove the pleasure of smoking a cigarette.
Only one dose of the vaccine has been able to protect in life from the mice of nicotine addiction.
Other tests are needed before trials on human beings begin, but Professor Ronald Crystal of the Weill, Mediical College in New York said that the first signs were encouraging.
'We really hope that this kind of vaccination strategy can help millions of smokers who have tried to stop, exhausting all the methods currently available on the market, but discover that their addiction is strong enough to overcome these different approaches', said Professor Cornell.
The new vaccine contains an harmless virus that has been modified to carry the genetic information needed to design anti-nicotine antibodies.
The virus selectively infects liver cells, which then begin to produce a regular stream of antibodies.
Antibodies are tracking down all molecules of nicotine in the blood system and neutralising them before they reach the brain, which prevents the smoker from having his dose of nicotine.
In the tests, the vaccinated mice to which you then gave nicotine continued their business.
But the mice that had not been vaccinated “were affluent, ” told researchers that nicotine had reached their brains.
The experience is described in the journal Science Translain Medicine.
Previous tobacco vaccines have proved ineffective because they contain antibodies.
Injections had to be repeated so frequently for antibodies to remain high than they were too expensive and inconvenient.
But the cost of the new vaccine should be much lower because it turns liver cells into antibodies.
Professor Crystal said that if the future human vaccine were completely safe, it could be administered to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette, which would prevent any addiction to nicotine.
But it is more likely that it will be used by smokers who want to stop smoking.
"They will know that if they start smoking again, because of the anti-nicotine vaccine, and it will help them to lose their bad habit ', he added.
British scientists have said that the results are interesting, but have pointed out that much more research is needed.
Pakistan ’ s Leader of the Taliban
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban movement, Hakimullah Mehsouth, was killed in an American drone on Friday in Pakistan, he was told about the security services.
Hakimullah Mehsouth has already been announced several times in the past.
But intelligence officials, army, and activist officials have said that he has lost his life in this strike, conducted in the North Waziristan region.
'We can confirm that Hakimullah Mehsouth was killed in a drone launch ', said a senior security officer.
The day before, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, travelling to London, informed the British Government that discussions had been initiated with Tehrik e Pakistan (TTP), the Pakistani Taliban movement.
Tripodi denies Obeid
Former Labour Minister in New Year, Joe Tripodi, will be subject to an investigation of the state ’ s anti-corruption regulator.
Former New Wales Minister Joe Tripoldi denied that he had changed the trade policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid, who had hidden interests in three assets in the government-controlled area.
On Friday, the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) broadened its investigation to know whether Mr Obeid had put pressure on several state ministers to renew his bits in Circular four, where the Obeid had two restaurants and one coffee after it had been. Their expiry in August 2005 without any call for tenders.
It is now investigating the allegations that Mr Tripoldi was aware of the secret interest of Mr Obedid in these properties, following the testimony of former Secretary-General of Mr Tripoldi, Lynne Ashpole, on Thursday.
In the years of discussions started in 2005, the government pressed for tenders to be put out to tender.
The tenants were against and also wanted longer times.
In 2009, the “Circular Four ” companies, which reported to the Obed about $2.5 per year, were renewed without any call for tenders.
Mr Tripoldi, who was Minister for Ports from February 2006 to November 2009, was initially in favour of tenders.
But he denied that he changed his policy at the request of Mr Obedid, who acknowledged Mr Tripoldi, called for a change in government policy on bones.
The ICCAC's transcription of telephone conversations demonstrated in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid, Mr Tripoldi and Steve Dunn, a senior official who came to the Ministry of Ports after working under the orders of Mr Obeid to the Ministry of Fisheries..
“The subject discussed during these telephone conversations was the development of policy on trade policy? ” asked the Commissioner, Anthony Waaly, to Mr Tripodi.
No 'No', Mr Tripoldi replied.
I do not remember what we discussed, but in any case it was not.
In any case, certainly not between me and Mr Obed.
Israeli warplanes target Syria, declares a person to be responsible for it.
Israeli warplanes have reached a target in Syria ’ s port city of Lakia on Thursday evening, confirming a military official in Fox News.
The official did not specify what the target was, but said that there were at least one.
The Associated Press reports that the target was SA-125 Russian manufacturing missiles.
At least twice this year, Israel carried out air strikes against missile cargo in Syria.
Foreign workers who have a visa 457 may have to pass a 'authenticity' test.
The government is currently examining the possibility of establishing a 'authenticity' test for foreign workers in possession of 457 visas when it plans to extend repressive measures.
The test, if adopted, would be applied according to a criterion designed to prevent visas 457 being used to occupy unskilled jobs or as a back door to bring their family and friends to Australia.
A government working document was unveiled today, when Labour MEP Maxine McKew denounced the government discourse on foreign workers, saying that it could offend Australia ’ s neighbors.
“The fracking statements about“ foreigners returning to the queue and “jobs for the Australians first ” are a disagreeable return to the era when trade unions asked for a protected labour market, ” she told the Australia Institute today.
Historically, this meant that whites ’ work had to be protected – and I would not be surprised if some countries in the region would see this as an echo of this historical arteplay.
The working document reports the 12 measures previously envisaged by former immigration minister Chris Bowen.
Immigrants Brenan O'Connor, who was in Sri Lanka to meet senior officials to discuss trafficking in human beings, implemented five of the recommended changes, the others being under examination.
If the 'authenticity' criterion was adopted, a visa applicant could be controlled as to whether the offer of employment is genuine in the event that the candidate is a personal relationship or associate of the owner or the person concerned in the company which sponsors it. '
Companies could also be required to declare the number of holders of visas 457 after some of them, having intended to sponsor a small number of workers, actually used hundreds.
Meanwhile, a Sri Lankan asylum seeker, 35 years old, would have died from heart attacks after arriving on a boat transporting asylum seekers to the island of Christmas this week.
The 9 year-old sson of man was going to Australia with him and has found comfort since his father died on Wednesday with an adult cousin that was also on board.
Man was urgently transferred by the Australian authorities to the hospital on Island Christmas, where he died.
A study aimed at increasing the benefits of the HS2 rail project for Scotland was launched by the British Government.
The work carried out by HS2 Ltd suggests that high-speed services to Scotland and the north of England will start from the opening of Passe 1 in 2026.
The Transport Minister Kramer said that the plan 'would bring together the United Kingdom'.
The Scottish Minister for Transport, Keith Brown, said that he was excited about working with the British Government on the project.
Passe 1 will focus on a new high-speed rail line between London and the West Midlands.
When Phase 2 is completed, the lines will serve Manchester and Leeds.
In June, the government increased the estimated cost of building high-speed links between London and North England from £32.7 Md to £42.6 Md.
The British Government, which talks with Scotland, has asked HS2 Ltd to study the strengthening of rail capacity and the improvement of the length of travel for northern England and Scotland.
This must include the possibility of travelling times between Glasgow and Edinburgh from three hours to the most.
Kramer said: 'Our objective for HS2 relates to a truly national network which will bring the United Kingdom and its cities closer together'.
We are pushing the HS2 project because the advantages it presents are enormous.
Without it, we have a problem with the capacity of our rail network.
But it is also a question of developing connectivity between the 18 large British cities, including Glasgow and Edinburgh, so that the links between them can be better thanks to HS2.
The British Secretary of State for Scotland, Alistair Carmichael, added: 'Today's announcement is good news for Scotland.'
For the Scottish Government, Keith Brown has called on Carmihael to support Scotland's inclusion in the HS2 network.
Mr Brown said: 'The high-speed train has the potential to offer Scotland considerable economic benefits, but it also brings Scotland's economic weight to the overall high-speed rail network project throughout Britain.
“We are therefore excited about working in partnership with the British Government to look at options to get the high-speed train network up to Scotland, creating an advantage for all and complementing the Glasgow-Edinburgh line that the Scottish Government is already planning.
'I look forward to reading the review report with the British ministers next year and then deciding on the next steps together. '
The rules on the use of electronic devices on board remain in force for the time being in Australia.
Australian air passengers will have to continue to switch off their tablets and smartphones during take-off and landing despite the US gesture to relax regulation of electronic appliances.
The US Federal Aviation Administration has left the door open for American hauliers to change their procedures so that passengers can read electronic books, watch video or play games on their appliances during critical flight periods provided they are in "aeroplanes."
Passengers can already do so for most of the flight, but many people find it difficult not to access their electronic books during take-off and landing.
Australian carriers are examining the decision which obliges American carriers to carry out important work in order to meet the requirements, but have indicated that they do not intend to change their procedures immediately.
The Civil Aviation Authority, too, stated that it was examining the announcement but stressed that restrictions on the use of electronic appliances during critical flight phases were still in force in Australia.
'CASA does not have specific regulations governing the use of electronic appliances', she said.
The issue is the subject of regulation which obliges aircraft operators to guarantee permanent safety and passengers to respect safety instructions provided by crew members.
Virgin, who has already spoken in the CASA of its intention to extend the use of its entertainment system on board the Wi-Fi technology, was open to change, but said that it would follow the regulator.
'We would welcome a review of the CASA which would allow electronic appliances to be used because we really believe that this would improve the experience that we have now (from the so-called entertainment system using the Wi-Fi technology) on our aeroplanes, has indicated a spokesperson.
Qanitas said that at the moment it is respecting the current rules.
'In line with our current policy, electronic appliances cannot be used during take-off and landing, and we have no immediate intention of changing that ', she said.
The FAA's decision applies to US airlines.
However, we are still interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers, and we will look closely at the decision of the FAA and the reasons for it.
For American carriers, the impact of the decision will vary from one airline to another and will depend on the age of their fleet.
Airlines will have to demonstrate that their aeroplanes can tolerate radio interference from electronic appliances, as well as reviewing the textbooks, training equipment, hand luggage programme and the instructions provided to passengers.
‘ As soon as an airline has checked its fleet ’ s tolerance, it can allow passengers to use light electronic devices such as tablets, electronic lecturers and smartphones to all altitude ’ declared the FAA.
In the few cases of low visibility, the crew will ask passengers to switch off their appliances during landing.
The group also recommended that the heavier appliances be safely placed under the chairs or in the higher compartments during take-off and landing.
Pia for at least four wounded in a violent baggage
Pia ’ s small municipality experienced an unusual excess of fever on Thursday evening.
Three Gendarmerie vehicles, two ambulances and a stumbling block of around 30 according to the testimonies collected...
On Hloween ’ s day, the evening was turbulent on Pia ’ s side, where a rider involving several people broke out on the Post side.
At least four milder injured would be to be regretted.
Alerted, the police have been there to separate the warring parties and ensure that the injured are taken care of.
The Clenders of Singapore benefit from the middle classes, which are forced to tighten their belts.
In a lender of the Bendemeer Commerce Centre in Singapore, Janani Amirthinginga deposes a pot, a joke, and a gold tap to pay for his daughters ’ schooling.
'My husband and I have just bought a house, so my money is there ', says Mrs Amirthalinga.
Although it earns $3 000 from Singapore ($2,400) per month as a female determinant, and its husband also works, monthly family income is not, it says, sufficient.
In fact, there is such demand in parts of Southeast Asia – where household debt is rising – that ValumeMax, where she carried out her transaction, became the third loan company to be introduced at the Singapore stock exchange this week.
Putting together jewelry is not only a quick way to get cash – $1,300 in Singapore in the case of Ms Amirthalinga – but it is almost as cheap as unsecured bank lending.
In general, lenders at Singapore raise an effective annual interest rate of 17%, just above the 15.4% offered by the United Overseas Bank, a local donor with a branch in the same commercial center.
Lenders, however, have the advantage of not asking for creditworthiness or wage evidence, and they can release loans more quickly than banks.
As a result, millions of people throughout the region are turning to lenders on the brink, while families feel the pressure exerted by increasing the cost of living and over-indebtedness of households and consumers.
After five years of solid growth since the global financial crisis, and cheap credit fueled by too lax monetary policy in advanced economies, low-income and middle-income families are turning to lenders to fill the difference while their economies are slowing.
This week, the credit rating agency Standard & Poora cited growing household indebtedness, mainly deriving from rising mortgage lending, as a risk factor for the solvency of Asian banks.
She said that Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore had the highest household debt / gross domestic product in Asia.
Malaysia is leading the list with 80% of GDP, while the rate was 60% in 2008.
Economists also fear high levels of consumer debt in Thailand, which soon emerged from a technical recession.
On Thursday, data has shown continued weakness in exports and a slowdown in consumer demand.
“The balance sheet is that, with costs rising, people in the middle or at the bottom seek to supplement their income as they can, ” Song Seneng Wun, an economist at ICMB, declares a Malaysian bank.
Historically high gold prices over the last two years have meant that people have been quick to put their personal effects on the cash value of their jewelry.
In Singapore, around 70% of the articles in the 200 loan shops on the state are in gold.
People say, 'the price of gold is high, let us bring the gold chain to grandmother and we will return it next month'.
In Thailand, the largest loan operator, EasyMoney, has recorded a 20% increase in the number of customers using its shops in recent months.
The increase is such in the lending sector that ValumeMax, operator in Bendememer and 15 other shops like in Singapore, plans to develop not only in neighbouring Malaysia – where it already has four shops – but also outside Asia, says Yemeni. ah Lee Ching, his directorates-general.
Society will finance them by using 60% of Singapore ’ s 66 M M removed this week during its introduction to the Singapore stock exchange.
While some low-interest lenders have been critical of the exorbitant interest rates that they practice, Miss Yeah indicates that enforcement offers not only lower rates than other lenders, but also does not directly increase debt.
“customers are mortgaging the goods they already possess, and monetizing their personal assets does not increase household indebtedness ”, she says.
Demonstration is increasingly socially accepted as a means of obtaining guaranteed funding in the short term.
Those who travel to the lenders are not just those who have financial problems.
The affluent people of Singapore also go to Valumux lending shops to put in gold leingings or Rolex monsters, which can account for up to 60% of their cash purchase price.
We see clients in all strata of society.
'It may be easy people who need to borrow in the short term for commercial activities or investment, or small businesses with cash needs to go through a difficult course ', adding Miss Yeah.
Sometimes they need money very quickly.
Passteur accused of juvenile pornography in New Scotland
A pastor who took care of young people, in the Halifax region in New Scotland, is accused of juvenile pornography.
Aaron Hudgins, who was 30 years old, was arrested on Friday morning following searches at his home and the office of the National Council for the Research in which he is working.
The church named Timberlay, where the pastor served, is deeply saddened by this news.
In a communiqué, church officials indicate that Mr Hudgins resigned from his post.
The pastor was released under conditions.
It must not, in particular, communicate with people under 18 years of age and not access the Internet.
He will appear in Halifax in December.
He is travelling to the supermarket in order to become a supermarket, before he is hunted down.
A man dressed in a unidentified Nazi uniform of a bisse with the gamble was asked to leave an English supermarket, with clients complaining to the leadership of the establishment who called the police, on Friday's shop.
'We have received a number of clients' complaints, so we have asked him to leave the shop ', a spokesman for the supermarket chain Asda.
The shop called the police to the rescue, but 'the time it arrives, it was already left without dwindling', it added.
I was queuing when I saw a woman who seemed to be shaken.
People were bent.
'You do not get out of the streets unless you want to draw attention ', a client, Rosina Rusiin, 60 years ago in the Cambridge News newspaper.
This incident happened on Thursday, the day of Halween Day, where it is customary to disguise itself as a monster, but it was difficult to know whether it was a hoax.
A Cambridge man claimed responsibility for this act on his Twitter account, where he raised pictures of Adolf Hitler.
'I am wearing a black brewer SSS twice a week for three years at Ada ', explaining' mental problems'.
A $325m rescue plan for Tasmania ’ s health system
The federal government maintains that the $325 $325m rescue plan for health care is accompanied by strict conditions to ensure that state government does not squander funds.
The Federal Minister of Health Tanya Polliberek has announced that the Commonwealth is currently taking 'urgent measures' to end a crisis caused by the ageing population of the island state, the high rate of chronic diseases and the constraints of the system.
The funding, scheduled for four years, was decided after consultations with the government with the independent Member of Tasmanmania Andrew Wilkie.
'The government has proposed a emergency rescue package which, in our view, will solve the unique difficulties faced by the state ', said Mrs Plibersek today.
The $325m plan includes a $31 of $31 for non-urgent surgical operations.
2 600 additional operations, particularly in the field of orthopaedic surgery and cataract, will help to catch up.
Funds are also earmarked for clinics without meeting in Hobart and Latceston, better external care, training of medical frameworks, mental health services, and the deployment of electronic medical files in local hospitals.
‘ These investments respond to the idea that, according to the first line clinicians, this is the best way to treat Tasmania ’ s health system, Mrs Polsek said.
The Minister said that Tasmania's government would be faced with a strict regime of preparation of reporting and accountability.
The state will have to maintain current levels of funding in order to receive money from the Commonwealth and prepare monthly reports on sectors where it spends the additional funds.
A committee of three people will be set up to ensure that the state provides services in the most efficient and efficient way possible.
Mr Wilkie said today that the $325 M will not count for “unless they are followed by genuine reform to consolidate Tasmania ’ s public health system. ”
He, however, congratulated the government on responding to the urgent request that he presented to Prime Minister early May.
“I hope that the federal aid plan will make a major contribution to removing the black list of Tasmania from Tasmania, ” Mr Wilkie said.
According to the government of the State, these additional non-urgent procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts.
But the opposition spokesperson for health care Peter Dutton believes that today ’ s announcement is a “makeshift solution. ”
“The reason we are here is that the government ’ s Labour government withdrew $430 from its health system, ” he said on ABC TV.
One cannot have a government government that gruds almost half a billion dollars and the Commonwealth with $300 M, and claims that it is a good day.
Mr Dutton visited Mrs Polsek to ensure that no dollar of the rescue package will be spent on additional bureaucracy.
The adaptation by Wilhelm Nikoux of Denis Diderot ’ s novel is a remarkable artistic leadership and a meticulous time replenishment, but it is also more laborious than it should be.
Reflecting in France in the 1760 years, she told the dark history of Suzanne, a young aristocrat sent to a smell by his family.
When it rebel, it faces the blinkered cruelty of a deliberately sadistic Superior and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another.
The film never pays in lubricant or sensationalism, and that is the problem.
The conscientious solemnity of the narrative could also become a pensioner for the public.
Syria destroyed its capacity to produce chemical weapons, declares the supervisory body.
Syria has destroyed essential equipment for the production of chemical weapons and ammunition full of toxic gas, declared the international chemical weapons monitoring body on Thursday, while violent clashes raged in the north of the country, near one of the sites where toxic agents are supposed to be stored.
A group of Syrian activists has also said on Thursday that over 120 000 people have been killed since the civil war began in the country almost 3 years ago.
The announcement of the Organisation for the banning of Chemical Weapons (IAC) has arrived one day in advance on the deadline of the
1 November, set by the Hague organisation ordering Damascus to destroy or “unusable ” all chemical weapons production units and machines aimed at mixing toxic gas and filling ammunition.
The completion of what is essentially the initial phase of destruction is an important step in the ambitious timetable for destroying the chemical weapons in Damascus by mid-2014.
With the destruction of equipment, Syria will no longer be able to produce new chemical weapons.
However, Damascus has yet to start the destruction of existing weapons and reserves.
It is believed that the country has around 1 000 tonnes of chemical products and weapons, including mustard gas and the sarin sarin agent.
The announcement was made when the fighting was raging on Thursday in the town of Safira, which, according to the experts, has a chemical weapons production unit and storage sites, reported the United Kingdom Monitoring Centre on Human Rights in Britain.
The group of activists, following the development of the human balance through a network of activists based in Syria, on Thursday said that 120 296 people were dead.
Among them, it is estimated that there were 61 civilians, 6 365 of whom were children.
On the government side, it is estimated that 29 954 members of President Bashar al-Assad ’ s armed forces died, 18 678 of which were fighters from pro-government forces and 187 Lebanese Hezbollah militants.
Among the dead, it is also estimated that 2 202 were deserters and some 5 375 opposition fighters, many of whom were alien.
On July 25, the UN estimated that 100 000 people had died in the conflict since March 2011.
It has not updated this figure since then.
Some 2 million people have had to flee the country because of the conflict.
al-Assad ’ s troops are fighting against the rebels, many of whom have been connected to Al-Qaida network groups, which have been in Safira for weeks.
The Monitoring Centre stated on Thursday that there were losses on both sides, but did not give any precision.
The fighting has highlighted the importance of the dangers faced by chemical weapons inspectors when they have to complete their duties, which is to rid Syria of its toxic arsenal in the midst of a civil war which continues to exist, within tight deadlines.
A statement by the ICAO, working closely with the UN, stated that its team was “now satisfied to control – and have destroyed – critical critical production and mixture machines.
She added that 'no other inspection activity was planned at the moment'.
Earlier this week, the inspectors declared that they had completed the first stage of the verification work, visiting 21 of the 23 sites declared by Damascus.
They were unable to visit the last two sites because of concerns about their safety, indicated the inspectors.
On Thursday, the IAC said that both sites, according to Syria, were 'abandoned and... that the elements of the chemical weapons programme that they contained had been moved to other declared sites, which were inspected'.
It was difficult to know at first sight whether Safira's unity was one of the two sites that the OIAC inspectors were unable to visit.
Syria has submitted a plan of total destruction of its chemical weapons, which was approved in the following month by the OIAC Executive Committee.
'I salute the moral strength and courage that you have all shown in the most difficult task ever undertaken by this organisation ', stated the Director-General of the organisation Ahmet Uzuescu, in a comment published by the ICAO.
Now in its third year, the civil war mainly opposes Sunni Muslim rebels from the Assad government and its security forces, which are supported by the Alawite sect sect, a branch of Shia Islam.
On the other hand, the director of the Syrian Human Rights Observatory said that there had been a huge explosion on Wednesday in an air defence base in the Syrian coastal province of Lakia.
The cause of the explosion remains unknown, he added.
Colère caused by the sentence imposed on one of the Bali bombers
The survivors and the relatives of the 202 people killed in the Bali attacks in 2002 reacted with anger to the sentence imposed on the last of the conspirators to be brought to justice, saying that Umar Patek should be shot by a firing peg.
Parek, who spent nearly 10 years as one of the most sought-after men in South-East Asia, was sentenced yesterday to 20 years in prison for his role in the manufacture of explosives used during the attacks.
It could be released after a period of 15 years under conditional release.
The 45 year-old man was found guilty of mass killing for attacks against two night boxes in Kuta's popular tourist district, which caused the deaths of 202 people, including 88 Australians, and many injured.
He was also found guilty of many other charges in connection with terrorism, including a wave of attacks on churches throughout Indonesia on the eve of Christmas in 2000.
Public prosecutors have asked for a sentence of life imprisonment, yet they could have called for the man, who was described as' Demoltion Man 'for his reputation as an expert in manufacturing bombs, to be sentenced to death.
The decision has revived painful memories for Ja Corteen, a mother of Perth who lost her two thirty-year-old twinning, Jane and Jenny, in the destruction perpetrated by Patek and the other conspirators nearly 10 years ago.
On the tears she said that Patek should have been sentenced to death.
I really believe that he should have gone along the same path as other men.
'He should be dragged before the execution ', said Mrs Corteen to the AAP.
I have to live every day without having other grandchildren or seeing my daughters.
The Sari Club was completely destroyed when a huge bomb, charged in an external fodder, exploded just after 23 p.m. on 12 October 2002.
Peter Hughes was in the Paddye Bar when a kamikaze jumped a bag charged with explosives barely 20 seconds earlier.
He sank in the coma after the attack and remained unconscious for a month, and he is dead three times when he was with respiratory assistance.
Mr Hughes said that Patek should have known the same fate as the other three members of the terrorist cell of Jemaah Islamiyah responsible for the carnage – Amrozi, Muklas and Imam Samudra – who were executed four years ago.
In fact, this man should have been sentenced to death before the others.
To keep him alive, why there is no reason to keep him alive.
Stop 20 years in prison after killing 202 people and injured hundreds of others, it is not much.
Patk is the last of Bali bombers to be brought to justice.
He had managed to avoid being captured for nearly 10 years, but was finally arrested in January 2011 in Pakistan ’ s Abbotabad town, where US forces will kill al-Qaeda ’ s former leader, Osama bin Laden, less than four months later.
During the trial, an FBI agent stated that intelligence reports revealed that Patek was in Pakistan to meet Bin Laden with a view to re-establishing links between the terrorist groups in Southeast Asia and al-Qaeda.
He added Mrs Corteen, he said.
Until recently, he did not care about the grief that he could cause other people.
The verdict was delivered on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the attacks that will be held later this year by ceremonies in Bali and Australia.
“There will be many layers this year, ” Mrs Corteen said.
Parek can appeal against his conviction, however.
FAA: air passengers can now use gadgets on aircraft (but not appeal with their mobile phones).
Airlines passengers will be able to use their door-to-door electronic devices to read, work, play games, watch films, and listen to music – but not talk about their mobile phones – under the long-awaited new directives published by the Federal Aviation Administration on Thursday.
But passengers should not expect immediate changes.
The speed with which change will be implemented will vary from one airline to another, declared the FAA administrator Michael Herta at a press conference.
Airlines will have to prove to the FAA that their aeroplanes comply with the new directives and that they have updated the training books for crew members and the rules concerning the conforming of appliances to comply.
The FAA said that it had already received plans from some airlines to extend the use of electronic appliances on their aircraft.
Delta and JetBlue are among the companies that have already submitted plans.
"In accordance with the plan, we could approve an extensive use of electronic appliances very soon ', indicated the FAA in a statement.
At present, passengers must switch off their martphones, tablets and other appliances as soon as the plane doors are closed.
They are not supposed to rally them before the plane reaches 10 000 feet and the commander gives the green light.
Passengers are supposed to extinguish their appliances when the plane takes off before the landing, and not to take them back until the aeroplane has been set up.
Under the new directives, airlines whose aircraft are properly protected from electronic interference will allow passengers to use their aircraft during take-off, landing and soil rolling, declared the FAA.
Most of the new aircraft aircraft and other aircraft that have been modified so that passengers can use the Wi-Fi for higher altitude should meet the criteria.
Laura Glent, Chair of the Association of Professional-Flight Flight, has been pleased with these changes.
“Once the new policy was implemented safely – and we are going to work closely with the hauliers for that – it will benefit everyone, ” Glading explained in a statement.
We are, frankly, tired of being 'halls' when it comes to this issue.
But it will always be prohibited to connect to the Internet for surfing, exchange emails and MSS, or download data below 10 000 feet, declared the agency.
Passengers will have to put their smartphones, tablets and other aircraft on board.
So, not Words Witch Friends, the Scrabble, style game of Alec Baldwin on his smartphone in 2011 when he was thrown out of the air from an American Airlines aircraft after they refused to extinguish his or her job. On the other hand, the apparatus was kept on the doorstep.
And heavier appliances like laptops will always have to be side, because they could injure someone if they steered through the cabin.
Mobile phones on board will also continue to be banned.
The regulatory power on mobile phones belongs to the Commission and not to the FAA.
The FAA can lift the ban on certain electronic appliances during take-off and landing.
Last month Mark Rosenker of the National Transport Safety expert on CBS News said that mobile phones were always regarded as a risk.
‘ mobile phones are a real problem, not only because they could possibly create interference with navigation instruments, but because we know, according to the FCCC, that they could disturb mobile telephone relays if they are used on board ’, has declared Rosenker.
An industrial advisory committee created by the FAA to examine the problem recommended last month that the government authorise the wider use of personal electronic appliances.
The pressure on the FAA has increased in recent years to relax restrictions on their use.
Critics such as Senator McCastl, D-Mo, argue that there is no valid safety reason for such bans.
The restrictions are also increasingly difficult to apply because the use of appliances has become ubiquitous.
Some studies indicate that at least one third of passengers forget to switch off their appliances or do so deliberately.
The FAA began to limit the use of electronic appliances in 1996 as a result of reports on the presence of navigation and communication instruments when passengers were carrying FM radios, the high-tech gadge-tech.
New liners depend much more on electrical systems than earlier generations of aircraft, but they are also designed to withstand electronic interference and approved by the FAA.
Airlines allow their passengers to use the Wi-Fi to cruise alabilities for several years.
modified aircraft to host Wi-Fi systems also better resist interference.
The vast majority of aircraft aircraft should make it possible for electronic appliances to be used more widely under the new directives, as stated in Herta.
Today ’ s electronic devices usually emit much lower radio transmissions than earlier generations of appliances.
Electronic books, for example, only emit minimum transmissions when we turn a page.
But transmissions are stronger when they download or send data.
Amazon.com is one of those who are pressing for the restrictions on the use of electronic appliances to be relaxed by passengers.
In 2011, company leaders instructed an electronic lecturers airliner Kindle and have steered it to see whether there were problems, but there was none.
This led to mixed feelings about the FAA ’ s Advisory Committee on whether or not the use of equipment presents a risk.
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said that he believed that interference from appliances was real, even if the risk was minimal.
Other members of the committee have said that there are only anecdotal reports from pilots indicating that aircraft can interfere with the systems of an aircraft, and most of them are very old.
However, the committee recommended that the FAA allows pilots to ask passengers to switch off their equipment during landing to the instruments under conditions of low visibility.
A group of the travel industry welcomed the changes, calling them sensible arrangements for technology with technology.
'We are pleased that the FAA recognises that enjoyable passenger experience is not incompatible with security ', stated Roger Dow, President and Director of U. Travel Association.
A Hemicycle of a platform in the North Sea has been released in nature.
A bird, battered after being exhausted on an oil platform in the North Sea, has been released in nature.
Last month, there was a helicopter from Aberdeen ’ s helicopter to Aberdeen ’ s helicopter before he was handed over by the Scottish SPCA in his Alloa rescue centre.
The director of the centre, Colin Seddon, said: 'This pie of water was probably a hideous migratory who came from northern Europe and was caught in the middle of violent winds in the North Sea.'
It seems that the bird exhausted would have managed to find refuge on the oil platform.
He added: “He was unable to fly again, so we were contacted to help. ”
The pie of water was healthy when it was released.
Is the European elite ready to do business with Britain?
Business for Briton was launched in April with the promise of reuniting businesses and defining what wealth and employment creators want to see change in our relationship with the EU.
To this end, we commissioned the widest and most complete investigation of British entrepreneurs and asked them what they thought of Britain, businesses and the EU.
YouGov questioned more than 1,000 business leaders, broadly representative of all sizes of business, sectors, and regions in Britain.
The findings of the inquiry will be a surprise to many.
We have discovered that the vast majority of businesses are now seeking to export outside Europe, focusing on countries that modernise and develop while the EU states are stagnating.
They want to see the government give priority to new trade links with countries like China, India, and Brazil, rather than getting bogged down in the long and arduous process of European institutional arcane reform.
When asked about specific political points – ranging from regulation of monopolies to product laws – the majority of business leaders believe that control of these key competences should return to Westminster.
The single market has caused general discontent, with companies saying that the cost of the Brussels Regulation is disproportionate to the benefits of being part of the European trade area – 40% of large companies, traditionally the most pro-European, even agree.
Last but not least, our survey of business leaders revealed that a large majority wanted Britain to continue the initiatives to change the Treaty and to develop a relationship with the EU based on trade rather than politics.
This conclusion, which is found in all large groups and companies of all sizes, shows that the business world insists on a “significant change ” that restores power in the UK.
The stakes are high – to change the Treaty and to represent Britain ’ s interests better would see a 16% shift in votes in favour of keeping the country in the EU in a referendum.
The Prime Minister should not doubt for one moment that this investigation shows that British companies support this plan to renegotiate Britain's terms of membership of the EU.
It also shows that businesses hope that renegotiation will be a significant change in the current balance of power in favour of a return to the UK.
It is possible, and increasingly necessary, to represent the interests of British business better, since the euro area is moving towards closer economic and fiscal union.
The priority must be employment and growth in Britain and, as the conclusions of our investigation show, for business this means once again placing the emphasis on trade and a fundamental change in the regulatory approach of Brussels.
The US at Hallawen ’ s Hands
In the United States, President Obama did not depart from the Halween tradition.
Along with his wife yesterday evening, he distributed fridges to hundreds of children invited to the gardeners of the White House in Washington.
Last year, Hloween ’ s festivities on the east coast of the United States were cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy ’ s passage.
This year, therefore, the celebrations have caught up.
In New York, thousands of people took part in the parade in the “Greenwich village. ”
Everyone is over-excited, he tells one of the participants, Andrea.
I was able, at last, to put the suit on my side last year.
We are like mad craves, adding Rhonda.
People are happy.
It is good child, it is cool.
We really need that.
Hloween is a PES festival celebrated on the eve of the Toussaon, mainly in the Anglo-Saxon countries.
Alexei Miller of Gazprom says that Bulgaria ’ s gas pipeline augurs a new gas era.
The start of building the South Stream pipeline in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe's largest energy projects, declared Gazprom's director.
“An historic event took place today: construction began in the Bulgarian part of the South Stream gas pipeline, Europe ’ s most important project, ” explained Alexei Miller, Gazprom ’ s Director-General, in a statement on Thursday.
This project is a key element of energy security for the entire continent of Europe.
South Stream should make it possible to diversify Russia's export routes to Europe.
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its Ukrainian counterpart, a country through which most of Russia ’ s gas goes to Europe, increases the level of risk relative to conventional routes, adds the director.
Miller added that the direct link to Bulgaria, a member of the European Union, means that the geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are eliminated 'forever.'
Bulgarian consumers will receive the gas from South Stream at a reduced tariff as soon as the whole project is set up in 2015.
Gazprom has indicated that construction should start in other countries downstream by the end of the year.
The gas pipeline was designed for an annual capacity of 63 billion cubic metres of natural gas.
Time to create the world ’ s largest marine reserve
The island of Pitcaian wants to create the largest marine reserve in the world, announced the daily newspaper of the New Tahii newspaper, the news from Radio Australia.
This island, in the eastern Pacific archipelago (French Polynesia), is the last British South Pacific territory, half-way between New Zealand and Chile.
This territory is 47 km2, if there are three other small nearby islands.
He has been British since his occupation in 1790 by the maiden of the Boudty, the episode in the English Navy's history, which gave rise to three Hollywood adaptations.
A few dozen inhabitants, mostly descendants of the Boudty mutilations, still live Pitcairin, and their income depends 95% on London ’ s generosity.
The Council of Cyprus unanimously voted for the creation of a marine reserve around the small archipelago, namely 836,000 km2, which correspond to its exclusive economic zone.
A deputy to the mayor of the island went to London to ask Britain to validate this request.
Mike Warren, the Mayor of Pitcair, believes that creating such a protected zone would be a first step towards more financial autonomy for his island.
The project must be accepted by the English Governor of Pitcann, who is resident in New Zealand, and by the British Government.
The creation of such a marine reserve would allow the UK to snub these 836,000 km2, provided that it has the means to monitor it, which is not the case.
There is no airport in Pitcaid, which makes it impossible to base one or more aircraft dedicated to surveillance in the area, and there is no port where military surveillance vessels can be placed.
As for France, it must already conduct the very expensive air and sea surveillance of the five million km2 km2 of the French Polynesia EEZ.
The FAA relaxed restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on aircraft – but it will always be prohibited to make calls on mobile phones.
Fairplanes attack a Russian missile supply in Latakia's port city in the port town of Lakia.
It would seem to be the continuation of the Israeli campaign to prevent weapons proliferation in the Middle East.
A federal appeal court is blocking the decision of a judge that the controversial NYPD tactic discriminates against minorities.
Almost 100 African migrants hoping to go to Algeria have died of thirst after their two lorries fell out in the middle of the Sahara.
Experts say that the violence that caused the deaths of 14 adults and 7 children is nothing more than an unfortunate chance, not a sign of an escalation of violence in America.
Instead of being destabilized by the US cessation of government activities, investors have remained focused on what is probably the most important: the Federal Reserve.
California is considering challenging what might be the first citation to appear on its own, saying that Internet glasses connected to the Internet make navigation easier.
The police say that she is in possession of a video pretending that the Maire Rob Ford is smoke kick.
Even close allies hide things – and look at all angles to discover what has not been said.
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic particles around the world manage sensitive issues such as contraception, divorce, and homosexual couples.
China ’ s Living Vice Governor
A former deputy governor of Jiin province in north-east China was sentenced on Friday to life imprisonment for corruption.
Excked from the Communist Party in July 2012, Tiananen Xueren was accused of affecting more than 19 million yuans of bribes, reporting Chinese official media.
Between 1995 and 2001, the Deputy Governor, who was also President of the Bank of Jiin, a public institution, helped companies and responsible companies to obtain contracts, loans or promotions in exchange for money or gifts, declared the first interim tribunal in Beijing on his microlog.
President Xi Jinping, who took office last March, made the fight against corruption a national priority, believing that the phenomenon was a threat to the Communist Party itself.
If the head of state promised that justice would be as intractable with the powerful "tigers" - junior officials - only a handful of high-ranking officials have been sentenced, including former executives of the oil giant Petrocha.
The most spectacular recent case was that of the former CCP leader in Chongqing, Bo Xilai, who was convicted in September for corruption and abuse of power after targeting the highest offices in the state.
But the government has not shown any intention of reforming the anti-corruption system by, for example, creating an independent party.
Two YMCA employees accused of sexual aggression following claims made against Jonathan Lord at a Royal Commission hearing.
Two YMCA employees in New Wales were accused of sexual assault on children following allegations against the Caringbah educator, Jonathan Lord, in 2011 at a Royal Commission hearing on child sexual abuse.
However, in its opening statement before the Commission, the YMA stated that it 'had never had to deal with a problem of sexual aggression on children within its organisation'.
Managing Director Phillip Hare was asked about two cases: an employee at the YMCA was accused of child pornography and a PhyMCA Caringbah Hall was found guilty of sexual assaults on children in the centre where he was working in the centre where he worked. That was in 1991.
Mr Hare said in Gail Furst, a lawyer to the Commission, that he was aware of the first case but he was not aware of the second case.
He also acknowledged that the opening declaration of the YMCA was inaccurate by pointing out, ‘ external controls of the YMCA were carried out and indicated that children ’ s safety was an absolute priority for the organisation ’.
It was demonstrated to the Commission that the YMCA had been informed that it had received seconds of the worst of four institutions during a quality audit of the Department of Education and Communications carried out in August of this year.
Mr Hare, who began working in the YMCA at the age of 21, admitted that the management of staff was a failure with the recruitment of Lord and that he had omitted to check that the employees knew that they had to report any violation of children's security policy.
Earlier this year, Lord was convicted of sexual assaults on twelve boys during the two years he worked in the YMCA.
He was sentenced to a minimum prison sentence of six years.
But Mr Hare rejected the idea that the YMCA would have a cultural problem preventing staff from pointing out Lord's failings in the safety of children.
Members of staff testified that they had observed some shortcomings, in particular the fact that Lord left alone with children, kept them in private, put them on their knees, told them that he loved them and allowed them to play with his mobile phone.
Danielle Okwell, who was controlled by Lord and who had asked for training for children's protection because she was concerned about her behaviour, indicated that she found the head of the YMCA Caringbah, Jacovat Barnat, who hosted Lord Barnat, who hosted Lord Barnat. Very daunting and difficult to approach most of the time. '
The Director-General said that he rejected the testimonies of the staff that they were reluctant to point out these shortcomings to their hierarchical superiors.
Instead, he said that the friendly relations that they had with Lord d'ord muddled their judgment, which meant that they did not report his actions.
Mr Hare said he had expressed his point of view before the South YMCA council in New Wales that for the organisation the lesson of the 'Jonathan Lord incident' should not be 'reporting' by staff, and the Council agreed with him.
Mr Hare said that the decision to sign confidentiality agreements shortly after the allegations were made was taken by the Director General of the YMCA responsible for children's services, Liam Whitley.
He said that this decision was intended to avoid any contamination of evidence, but that it was' over-zealous' and that it had been poorly implemented.
YMA in New Wales was not a safe organisation for children at the time when Jonathan Lord was used there, in 2009 and 2011, declared the expert on sexual violence on children, Professor Stephen Sambone at the University of Griot University, Professor Stephen Sambone. This is something that the Commission has to say to the Commission.
He said that there were 'serious problems' in recruitment, control, initiation, training and supervision of staff.
The hearing was postponed until 20 December.
Tony Blair said that he would seize the opportunity to re-become Prime Minister, but he recognizes that his return is unlikely.
In an interview last night marking the 5th anniversary of his departure at the end of his term of office, the 59 year-old man made his views known on various national policies.
Since his departure in June 2007 after a decade, Blair has largely avoided discussing British policy, limiting his comments to foreign affairs and his role as the Quartet ’ s special envoy for the Middle East peace process.
When asked whether he would like to return to the post of Prime Minister, Mr Blair would have replied, according to Ering Standard in London: 'Yes, of course, but it is likely that this will happen, so...'
When many experts on the street met in Cardiff to confront and win the trophy of the year, they knew that competition would be tough.
But no one expected a three-year-old child to win.
Not yet at school, and only a few months after having had his first weapons, the small and small Shetland Toffée and his hetland Shetland Toffee have been trotted out with great ease and won the first prize, leaving behind the 30 other adult competitors.
The two inseparable – which are the same size – were welcomed for presentation, attitudes and style during the annual competition that took place at the Sunnybank center in Rudy near Cardiff.
When he was standing up against men and women with elegant male hats, he was wearing his camel ’ s cap in a relaxed way to challenge his 2-year old Toffal pony around the runway.
The judges were welcomed by the judges for their natural qualities of uncommon compilation for a child of his age.
And Toffee received very good marks for her presentation and personality.
Foffs was present for her 3rd birthday in March last year and has since been involved with his Shetland pony on a daily basis.
His mother, 30 years, said: ‘ FTon and Toffee make an excellent duo. ’
They stood against and against all, but both of them rated the gold cut and the rot.
It was only the second time he had conceded with Toffee and we were foolish that he won.
On the track, people who did not know him thought that he was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him.
This young boy, the village of Nantyglo, near Ebbow Vale, in South Wales, follows the footsteps of his Aunt Sharon Howells, who has been involved in competitions for more than 10 years.
Mrs Howells said: ‘ There was electricity in the air and everyone encouraged and applauded. ’
He went through the whole of the runway, and even if he seemed to be a little small, he has done a wonderful job.
Few animals – he adore horses, tractors, and rural areas, and has two chickens.
As he began, he will almost certainly take part in the Chal of the year ’ s demonstration – and I am sure he will make a great achievement.
A spokesperson for the annual demonstration has said: 'There is only one 3 years, but he knows how to drive his pony'.
They are a good team.
Judges noted that Féton and Toffee were presenting and challenging the runway.
They are looking for effective teamwork between the pony and drainer – FToffon and Toffee have been the best on the runway.
I am sure that his fine clothes helped Fenon, he really was proud.
A Chinese newspaper that made an appeal “will be reshuffled ”
A Chinese newspaper that issued a front page call for the release of a journalist accused of defamation will be reworked, declaring a press regulator.
The Guangzhou New Express published a rare public appeal for the release of the journalist Chen Yongzhou.
But Chen later admitted on television that he had accepted bribes to make stories about a semi-public society.
Now the New Express is going to undergo a “complete reshuffle, ” declared the regulator.
The “reshuffle ” stems from Guangdonation ’ s administration for Presse and Edition, Radio, Film, and Television.
A preliminary investigation showed that the New Express, belonging to the Yangcheng group Eing News, had published several erroneous articles on the Zoomon listed company between September 2012 and August 2013.
“The wording of New Express was disorganised, ” the regulator said in a statement.
He indicated that he had decided to ‘ impose an administrative sanction of Chen Yongzhou by withdrawing his press card ’.
He also “ordered the Yangcheng News to undertake a comprehensive New Express, and recommended that he conduct an investigation into New Express officials at New Express, and immediately revisit the newspaper ’ s leadership team. ”
Chen wrote a number of articles for the New Express on alleged financial irregularities from a shipyard manufacturer called Zoomlion.
After his arrest, his newspaper twice published a first page call for his release, writing that he supported his journalism.
But Chen then appeared on a public television station where he admitted that he had published false stories about money.
"In this case, I harmed Zoomlion as well as the media industry and his ability to win public confidence ', he said to the public television network CCCTV.
I did so mainly because I was running after money and celebrity.
I have realised my mistake.
Following the apologies of Mr Chen, New Express published his apologies on the front page, writing that he had not properly checked his articles.
A number of important suspects have recently made avalanche.
Experts say that people are always forced to make their own confessions, despite a change in the law that was voted earlier in the year prohibiting the authorities from forcing anyone to blame himself.
The aircraft carrier Charles-de-Gaulle as' Unavailable '
Toulon, the aircraft carrier is in a state of flux.
The radioactive vapour leak detected in one of the two nuclear heaters of the Charles de Gaulle, in mid-October and when the ship was at sea, was' safe for the sailors', but is not without consequences for the Marine.
The Royal has just confirmed to us the 'unavailability' of the ship until 'mid-November', 'time to take the necessary corrective measures' on the reactor.
For its part, DCNS, a defender of defence commuting, assures that its teams and those of Areva, who were sent in the Var for the opportunity, 'are currently intervening on the aircraft carrier'.
For them, among other things, it is a question of changing a failed driver of heat.
Everything is being done to ensure that the Charles-de-Gaulle can carry out its deployment at the end of 2013, but that is why it is so.
And the National Marie is to certify that 'this does not in any way call into question the' nuclear propulsion programme 'programme.
Let us remember that the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle comes out of an interim period of six months.
He had delineated from Toulon in mid-October for training.
In particular, this is to describe the young pilots of hunting as pilots.
A 'small chalk', restricted to the area of containment of the reactor, had then taken place on the flagship of the French fleet.
According to the National Marie, the crew had not been exposed to any radioactive contamination.
For more than a year, I have been able to see a great deal of discontent on the part of the people I met: the monstrous revaluation of their properties, the deluge of taxes, the cost of permits of all kinds, administrative costs to be brought to an end.
In short, there is no limit on our pockets.
Millions of dollars squandered could be saved in order to allow a lot of taxation that respects those who pay.
Any money abducted by taxpayers diminishes their freedom of consumption and contributes to their impoverishment.
In Sawinigan, despite the closure of all major companies, we do not get bogged down with the somptuous expenditure and the maintenance of lame ducks: a deficit cultural centre, a strong subsidy to energy City, etc.
If these installations are not profitable, whether they are sold to the private company or are destroyed.
It is also distressing to see the expropriation of several properties in order to welcome a major industry that has never come.
However, I give an honourable mention to the transformation of the former Wabasso into a kind of industrial incubator, but at what cost for tax payers?
It is not for public start-ups to invest in such companies, but for the private sector, based on consumer demand.
Citizens have been pleased to learn that the lakes in Fisheries and Piles will continue to supply the city of drinking water.
As a result of the departure of all the industries (major water users) and the widespread decline in the population, the use of water has decreased considerably throughout the territory.
Without wishing to waste it, the city will never fail to be water and the strict regulation of its use could be greatly watered down.
To sum up, it is easy to achieve great things with others' money.
I would be ashamed to defend such a balance sheet.
With gross debt of over $200 million, this city is no longer even able to buy a stylen without a loan regulation.
We have been managed for more than 40 years by holidaymakers most of them, and I do not believe that a sheep farmer would do worse.
Declining of a drug tunnel between the United States and Mexico with its own railways
One of the most sophisticated tunnels for drug trafficking between the US and Mexico, with its own lighting, ventilation, and electricity systems, has been discovered.
The American authorities described the tunnel 4 feet by 3 as one of the most sophisticated secrets they had ever seen.
The tunnel, a zigzager of almost six long footballs, links warehouses near Tijana, Mexico, San Diego, the United States.
The area is full of undefined warehouses, which can easily conceal the use of drugs-loaded lorries.
The tunnel was closed before the drugs came out of sight, they told the authorities.
The authorities have seized 8.5 tonnes of marijuana and 148 kg of cocaine after the tunnel discovered the tunnel, according to judicial records.
Three men who, according to the authorities, worked as drivers, were accused of marijuana possession and cocaine with the intention of selling.
They run a prison sentence from 10 years to life imprisonment if they are sentenced.
In Nogales, in Arizona, the traffickers exploit extensive underground drainage channels.
The tunnel is the important eighth passage discovered in San Diego since 2006.
Some of the largest tunnels were discovered following the marijuana harvest in central Mexico in October, raising a challenge for drug cartels who have to deliver their products quickly to consumers.
In 2010, the authorities found a passage of around 700 yards fitted with railway tracks from Tijuana ’ s house to two warehouses in San Diego.
The British police issued an extradition mandate against Assange.
The British police have today issued an extradition mandate against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who took refuge at the Ecuador Ambasade in London and asked for political asylum.
Scotland Yard said that she had issued an “surrender opinion ” to Australian by 40 years, asking him to stand for a police station, adding that if he did not, he would be likely to be arrested.
Assange could be extradited in Sweden as a result of allegations of sex crime, having exhausted all possible channels under British law after the Supreme Court invalidated his appeal against his extradition at the beginning of this month.
Fearing that Stockholm would allow its transfer to the US, it found refuge at the Ecuador Ambasade in London on June 19, asking that South American country political asylum.
Scotland Yard has “issued an opinion for a 40-year-old man asking him to stand for a police office, at the time and time of choice, ” declared a spokesman.
It continues to violate the conditions of its bail.
The Ambassador refused to comment on the issue of the opinion by the police.
Assange fears being extradited from Sweden to the United States where he could be accused of espionage, having unveiled more than 250 000 American diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks website fighting the secret information.
How Biometry will invade our lives
Finn ’ t words of passing in order to gain access to his martphone or pay for his or her purchases?
American, French, or Japanese researchers are predicting a future in which we will be recognised by the biometric sensors of computers and computers.
Morpho ’ s deputy chief executive, Berpho Didier, even believes that “the century will be biometric ”.
Only biometrics will make it possible to ensure the identity of a person carrying out transactions in a world as transverted and transnational as the Internet.
Private life organisations confirm this excitement for biometrics, but are worried about it.
In 2011 and in France alone, the National Commission for Information and Freedom has allowed 774 fingerprinting systems, hand-in-hand form, or veteran network systems in companies, administrations and canteens...
'Everyone will soon be able to be identified anywhere and when 'Justin Brookman, who is responsible for the privacy of consumers in the CDTs (Center for Democracy and Technology), in Washington.
The reasons for such optimism, among some, and pessimism, among others?
Biometry will be based on new techniques, which will enable new services to be made to citizens and consumers.
Today, in France, the most used biometric data are fingerprints, the hand of hand and the veil network of breaks or fingers.
But each of these techniques has its constraints.
'For example, some people who work concrete are unreadable and their fingerprints are unreadable ', according to Philippe Robin, the technical director of the identity area in Thales, Security and Security.
And the collection, as well as the verification of the veil network and the hand of the hand, assumes a specific and voluntary gesture by the people.
It is both a security - one cannot capture these data unwittingly - and one disadvantage: the procedure sometimes has to be repeated and therefore takes time.
As a result, research has been carried out over the past 20 years on other approaches, such as recognition of face or iris (the cooked part).
Thanks to the increase in the accuracy of sensors and the ability to calculate the computers needed for data analysis, these techniques become operational.
The accuracy of facial recognition has increased tenfold over the last five years, calculating Cyrile Batller, the Director of Europe's R & D laboratories in Europe.
With our help, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands have deployed automatic border crossings using facial recognition.
It is now possible to identify a face or an irony on the move.
'Today we are carrying out research into the recognition of the voice or the way of walking with noise sensors, but we need a silent environment ', says Sridhar Iyengar, Director of Security Research in Intel Labs.
There is also hope and concern about DNA, which is a single and infamous one.
'In the current state of knowledge it can be considered the ultimate biometric data ', confirming Sophie Vulliand Tavere, Director of Studies, Innovation and Prospects in CNIL.
But DNA analysis is still very long and costly.
NEEC is proposing a value for EUR 90,000 to judicial police services to analyse DNA samples in the place of a crime and within an hour.
The use of biometrics is divided into two groups: identification (recognising one person among others) and authentication (ensuring that the person is the person it claims to be).
The identification until now concerned the issue of identity papers: the biometric elements must be confronted (fingerprints, photographs and iris) with the information that the state possesses on all citizens who have already been fixed.
This makes it possible to ensure that someone does not try to usurp someone else's identity.
This principle of comparison may have other applications.
Thus, it proposes recognition of the VIP at the entry of a hotel or shop.
'We are recovering the images of surveillance cameras and comparing them to the photographs of celebrities who circulate freely on the Internet ', according to Dany Nassif, who, at NEC France, was responsible for commercial development for biometric identifiers.
Another use is to take a picture of a discard that is queuing up in a shop, to keep up with its progress thanks to facial recognition and to calculate waiting times.
authentication concerned, at the outset, physical access (borders, protected local, canteens...) or logical (opening a computer).
More recently, there has been control over attendance.
'A biometric high point avoids the phenomenon of the Cain which is leading for another ', Cyrile Batller, Accenture.
More and more, however, authentication will also affect transactions, especially those carried out using the Internet.
In Japan, it is already possible to take money away from some distributors by introducing its card and by putting its hand on a biometric reader: it replaces the hint of the secret code.
A similar technique is tested in Villeneuvel-d'Ascq and in Androoli by Natural Security in partnership with banks and teachers of large-scale distribution: when it comes to paying in shop with its banking card, the customer does not tap his code, but introduces his or her own. In a reader who sits the calves.
The experiment is planned for six months.
If it is conclusive, biometric players may soon arrive among the French traders.
Doubts to reassure users
There are three ways of making biometrics attractive to the general public.
The first is that it can save time.
'If, thanks to biometrics, a customer remains in cash-minute less than 30 seconds less, explains the director of a great surface.
The second is to offer personalised services: in a few years' time, a voice server will be able to recognise your voice and propose tailor-made options.
And finally, reassuring the precautions taken to protect databases.
'fingerprinting 'is stored on a first server; people's identities are on a second basis: the correlation between the two numbers is encrypted and stored in a highly secure box, which is blocking if attempts are made to move it', as Philippe Robin, Thales lists'.
But because there are no in-depth studies, it is impossible to know whether these speeches really convince users.
Private-protection specialists continue to worry.
'The progress of facial recognition, the proliferation of surveillance cameras and the huge amount of photographs available on Facebook, Flickr or Picsa, fear me the worst: widespread surveillance ', prediction Andrew Patrick, the Commissioner for the Protection of Privacy in Canada.
A driver running 210 km / h with a drink hot between the legs was given £1,000.
A motorist was fined £1 000 for running at 210 km / h with a hot drink that was balanced between his legs.
Andrew Howi, 35 years of Tiptere in Essex, was repented with his Mercedes Benz on the A120 to Baintree on May 27.
When the police arrested him, they discovered the beverage between his legs.
In the Colchester Court of First Instance, Howi acknowledged the infringement of driving without the necessary prudence and attention.
The seven points that have been withdrawn on his permit have led to a six-month permit withdrawal.
It has also been sentenced to pay fees amounting to £90 and a £100 of £100.
A Tax on Foreign homeowners to burst the London bubble
The Treasury has temporarily calculated the measure of capital gains tax, but expects a final decision by Osborne Osborne, who, in the 2012 budget, has put a 7% right for properties costing over £2 and the annual costs for buyers who choose to hold property. Within the framework of a society rather than individual.
The tree right already applies to the residential properties of the Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea, and accounts for £708 M on the 2012 / 13 fiscal year, which exceeds the total amount of Northern Ireland, Wales, Scotland, and Scotland. The north-east, north-west and region of Yorkshire and Humber put together.
Mr Cook said: 'Following the increase in the right of stamp on high-value properties and the introduction of anti-avoidal law in this area, it is very difficult to argue that high-value properties are underimposed regardless of the effects of the obsolete residential tax system.'
“But this change could make foreign investors reluctant to buy property in London or the current reticent owners to sell, ” he added.
Autonomous housing – the top 5-10% of the highest housing prices in the housing market – in the southwest of London that stretches from Fulham to Wimballon, has increased by a record 1.8% in the last year.
Prices in the centre of London have regular growth per year by 5.6%, but have been overshadowed by a growing 'internal market', the south-west of the town, the north (7.4%) and (6.5%) with a recovery, according to Studies studies. Wrong.
Scientists have just highlighted the way in which the dog ’ s tail is tied to its mood.
Previous studies showed that happy dogs were more queuing to the right (from the point of view of the dog), while nervous dogs win more to the left.
But now scientists say that dogs can detect these subtle differences and respond to them.
Professor Georgio Vallortia, a neuroscientists from the University of Trente, said: “Everyone knows that, in humans, the left side and the brain side of the brain are involved in a different way in the stimuli that arouse positive or negative emotions.. ”
Here we have tried to see what was happening in other species.
He added that, in the case of humans, the brain's right to the left was responsible for the movement to the left and vice versa, and that the two hemisphere were playing a different role in emotions.
To know more about how dogs respond to other dogs ’ disorderly movements, researchers have been watching animals watching films in other dogs.
They measured the heart of animals and analysed their behaviour.
It will certainly not be long before we understand why their tail sometimes goes on one side and sometimes on the other.
Professor Vallortigara explained: “We have presented films with films with other dogs – either a naturalist version or a silver to avoid any further confusion – and we have been able to tamper with the tail and present it as going to the left or the right.. ”
When the animals saw a dog without an expression winning the right (from the point of view of the dog that won the queue), they remained perfectly relaxed.
But when they peaked mainly to the left (again from the point of view of the dog that won the queue), their heart was accelerated and they looked anxious.
Professor Vallortigara said that he did not think that the dogs were deliberately communicating with each other thanks to these movements.
Instead, he believes that dogs know by experience the movements that they should or should not worry about.
He added: 'If you meet with other dogs on several occasions, and if you notice that, most of the time, the movement queuing up to one side is associated with a more friendly attitude and that the right leads to a less friendly attitude, you will react according to that experience'.
Researchers point out that the results could enable owners, veterinarians and traders to better understand the emotions of their animals.
The caveat expert John Bradshaw, a professor at the University of Veterinary Sciences at Bristol University, said that it was not the first study to look at the importance of the left and right in the canine species.
Last year, a team from the University of Lincoln discovered that dogs were turning to the left when they watched an aggressive dog and right when it was a joyous dog.
And, in another scientific study carried out by the University of Victoria in Canada, he said: “dogs would be more easily to a boy dog when his queuing wins to the left rather than to the right, instead of becoming anxious – the opposite of what was stated in the Italian study. ”
He said that the differences could come from the fact that the dogs who participated in the various studies did not fully regard the animals of films or robots as dogs.
A study of how dogs respond to real dogs could be useful, he explained.
“Although many parts of different mammals indicate that both sides of the brain are used for different purposes, many details still need to be specified – and dogs are no exception, ” he said.
However, given the ease with which their behaviour can be registered, it will certainly not be long before we understand why their tail sometimes moves on one side and sometimes on the other.
Artic Monkeys is holding a concert in Glasgow because of Alex Turner's disease.
The rock Monkeys group postponed a concert in Glasgow after a sarngitis was diagnosed with its singer.
The Sheffield group was to take place on Friday in the Hydraro concert room in the centre room.
However, his saryngitis forced the singer Alex Turner to reprogramme the spectacle.
The announcement was made after the group was forced to postpone the LG Arena from Birmingham on Thursday.
In a statement on their official site, Artic Monkeys said: 'Following the decision to postpone the concert to Birmingham's LG Arena this evening and after having asked for medical advice, Artic Monkeys must also postpone the spectacle of the Hydro. Gasgow on Friday 1 November. ”
'Alex Turner suffers from a lynch and regrets that he cannot happen in concert '.
The LG Arena spectacle of Birmingham will take place on 20 November, and that in Glasgow ’ s Hydrome will be held on 21 November.
All the notes remain valid for these concerts.
We wish to apologise to all the holders of the ticket for all the inconvenience.
Thank you for contact with the customer for ticketing where you bought your tickets for any additional aid.
Pope François will name his first Cardinal in February
Pope Francis will appoint new Cardinal to the Catholic Church for the first time on February 22, announced the Vatican on Thursday.
Cardinal are men of the highest church church in the Catholic Church behind the Pope, and those who elect him, so François will appoint his first group of men who will ultimately choose his successor.
There are currently 201 cardinos.
But, as soon as a cardinal reaches the age of 80, he can no longer participate in election of a Pope – so it amounts to a group of 120 “voters. ”
In a statement announcing the new, Father Federico Lomardi, a spokesman for the Vatican, said that a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held before the ceremony in which bishops will be raised with the dignity of Cardinal, known as the name of Cardinal. It is a matter of conscientious thinking.
“Pope François decided to communicate his decision to convene the February consistry in advance in order to facilitate the planning of other meetings that require the participation of Cardinal from different parts of the world, ” said Lombardi.
Jack Valeralo of Catholic Voices said that by February the number of voters will probably have fallen.
He said that a Pope generally appointed as many cardinos as he had needed to ensure that the number of Cardinal voters reached 120 and so many cardinos over 80 years of age.
The next year will be important because it will be the first since Pope François ’ election in March this year, Valeralo.
At the moment, there is some kind of tendency towards Europe and, in particular, Italy.
“It will be interesting to see whether the new Pope will call the world ’ s Cardinal to restore the balance, ” he added.
40% of Roman Catholics live in South America, but a small number of them represent them.
The Cardinal will also be the first to be chosen since François formed the Council of Cardinal, a group of eight Cardinal from all over the world who is responsible for looking at ways of reforming the church.
Previously, the Pope decided on his own.
“Now François chose these eight cardinals to help him, ” Valeralo explained.
He added that he was' perfectly possible 'that François requests advice to the Cardinos.
But we have never experienced such a situation – it is completely new.
Valero pointed out that the popes generally raise bishops representing large communities as Cardinal, but that François was “full of surprises – so we do not know who he will name. ”
GM recalls some of his new pictups in the United States to repair the seats for seats in the United States.
General Motors Co recalls almost 19 000 of its new pickups Chevrolet Silverado and GC Sierra 2014 to deal with a problem with the issues that will be dealt with hand-in-hand, according to a statement on Friday of the American body responsible for regulating vehicle safety.
Out of certain pictups, the seats before could present a defect in the inclination mechanism.
As a result, cases do not comply with federal safety standards for vehicles with regard to support.
'If the vehicle is caught by the back, it may not properly protect passengers, thereby increasing the risk of injury ', according to the statement made at the site of the National Highway Trafficking Administration (NHTSA).
The models recalled were built between 1 August and 10 September.
The deployment of GM pictups began in June and represents the launch of the most important vehicles for the first American car manufacturer since its bankruptcy and restructuring in 2009.
GM has informed the owners of default in the first half of October.
The NHTSA was unable to examine the letter of information to owners because of the 16 days of government activity, which slowed down the growth of vehicle sales in October.
Shortado and Sierra Leone sales, which were redrawn for the 2014 model, rose by about 20% in the first 10 months of the year, GM Friday declared.
In October, GM sold 42 660 Sverado and 16 503 pickups.
GM ’ s stock prices rose by 1.4% to $37.47 on the New York Stock Exchange Friday afternoon.
A worker dies from concrete blocks of concrete.
A construction worker died under dozens of concrete blocks of concrete, on Thursday the day before midday in Montreal.
The drama took place at 11: 00 on the streets of Marquette, near the intersection of the street Beauwell in the round-up of Rosemont-La Pery.
In all likelihood, work on the foundations has been taking place there for some time.
A moveated wall of foundation has been erected over the last few days.
The accident occurred at a time when the victim had arrived on the site to recover his tools.
I was travelling by car and saw the wall crumbling with a great cloud of smoke, Sylvain Jean, who remains close to the site.
I am landed and I have been removed from the big bricks that have recovered it.
One saw only part of his back, so unfortunate.
According to the authorities, the victim is an elderly man in the fifties working for a coffram company.
Relief manoeuvres have been tried by the emergency services, but without success.
Man has not survived his serious injuries.
A inspector of the Committee on Health and Safety at work has been sent to investigate the circumstances surrounding this tragedy.
Obama ’ s Hope of desperation
I voted twice for President Obama, believing in the possibility of a change.
He says that Obama has made laudable efforts to fool the Republican Party ’ s obstructionism.
obstructionism does not excuse the difficulties of the Obamacare site and the attacks by drones.
The memory of Obama ’ s 2008 campaign is a sad reminder of what might have happened.
Naiel P. Morris is studying in the 2nd year of medicine at the Harvard Medicine Medicine.
I am reading a starkly sad book these days.
It is a book which I thought would encourage me during the moroseness of the 2nd year of medicine and would give me hope.
It is called “The Audacty to Win ’, and it is the memoirs of Barack Obama ’ s 2008 presidential campaign.
When I finished the medical records of my patients in the evening and lavish myself, this book brings me back at the time when policies inspired millions of people and speeches could cut you off.
The election ended with a landslide victory, and news presenters took time to think about the historical nature of the moment.
My comrades mourned and my parents kept all the newspapers they found.
A young team of visionaries moved to the White House and the nation was ready for change.
During Obama ’ s transition period before he took office in 2008, he had 82% favorable views.
And then I am closing the book.
Returning to the present is a difficult awakening, as a way out of a dream.
It is difficult to remember these days of optimism, such as distant memories, a sad reminder of the opportunities of the past.
The change has really happened in the years that followed the first time I voted.
That had nothing to do with what I had imagined.
I put to the credit of Obama great achievements, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act (Affordable Care Act) until the departure of Iraq from our army, through the end of the “neither seen nor known ” and the assassination of Osama bin Laden.
In addition, I believe that partisan obstructionism has destroyed too many efforts to advance our nation in the area of immigration reforms, public health care and the closure of Guantánamo, among other things.
But, having defended Obama ’ s administration on many occasions in front of my peers, and my fellow Members, I can no longer provide an explanation.
I am on the verge of political despair.
Republican obstruction cannot explain foreign leaders ’ tapping and attacks on innocent foreign children by drones.
It cannot explain that the National Security Agency has data on Americans ’ privacy, or the indictment of whistleblowers who reveal the government ’ s misdeeds.
It cannot justify the assassination of Anwar al-Awlaki, an American citizen, without trial, evasion of public funding and overspending during presidential campaigns.
It cannot justify the conclusions of a report which says that the efforts of the White House to silence the media are the 'more aggressive... since the Nixon administration'.
And, more recently, it cannot excuse the impossibility of designing a simple website for more than three years after the Affordable Care Act has been ratified.
I do not know whether that is what I was expecting.
If, at 18 years, I was supposed to understand that governance could contradict the political campaigns that preceded it.
Of course, the election function is not predictable, because the political opposition party and events that occur by chance, like the Newton massacre, influence our public conversation.
However, all the examples that I have listed above seem to be largely the choice of administration.
That is what disturbs me.
I voted for Obama again in 2012, but not because I was enthusiastic about his candidacy.
Mitt Romney presented a muddled and unclear alternative that did not seem to be able to determine his policies or positions.
I felt that Obama, elected for a second term by being released from the pressure of future elections, would make the promises that we had been hearing about for so long.
However, while the favourable opinion index has plunged below 45% this week, it is even more difficult to return to 2008 through this book.
I am happy with the many promises that have been made.
This week, I read the part of the book that describes how Obama has suffered enormous losses to Clinton ’ s Pennsylvania Privileges.
At a post-campaign meeting, he told his team that they had to go down the right path and remain true to their cause.
“I want us to focus on our talent, ” he said.
We must remember who we are.
Five years ago, Mr President, I no longer agree with you.
The views expressed in that comment are only those of Nathiel Morris.
On Friday, at 3 p.m., a violent collision between a moto and a car took place in Rétino in Flélo.
The late, Jonathan, 26 years of Félon, was not a monster.
Despite rapid relief, he died during this frontal collision.
Clive Palmer claims that MEP Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over the parental leave system.
The MP billionaire Clive Palmer argues that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over parental leave because his daughters could be pregnant and benefit from this system.
The mining of mining, which challenges the payment of a carbon tax of $6 M, has made this argument in an attempt to remove questions about any conflict.
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate, which could be crucial when deciding whether carbon and mining taxes should be abolished.
But Mr Palmer claimed that only ministers could have a conflict of interest and indicated that Mr Abbott's girls were ready to benefit personally from these policies.
'It will have an important conflict of interest when it comes to paying parental leave because if one of his daughters is pregnant, he will have a direct interest in whether or not she gets a leave ', Mr Palmer said.
Two months after his election, the Electoral Commission officially stated that Mr Palmer won the seat of Sunshine Coast de Fairfax by 53 votes, after recounting.
Mr Palmer has put forward the idea of reshuffling the spoils system in order to speed up the process.
Tony Abbott ’ s daughters, Frank and Bridlet.
Should this election be decided two months after the vote is over?
“We need a better system, ” he said.
Why could we not have a system in which you can enter, seize your details in a computer, vote immediately and have the result at 6.30 a.m.
Mr Palmer also criticised the use of paper pens to mark the ballot papers.
Is it in order to be able to erase the result if anyone does not agree?
Nowadays, having a piece of paper seems extraordinary.
The Electoral Commission has studied the options for electronic voting and recently published a joint reflection paper with New Zealand.
Mr Palmer, 59 years ago, said that his political project included an international airport for Sunshine Coast and that he would take his new office 'very seriously'.
The public service is a public service exercise.
“We are not seeking rewards, except for the reward of history because we must serve the community at a critical moment ’, he added.
A biologist team led by the Wildlife Society Society in New York identified a new dolphin dauphin species off the northern coast of Australia.
Thbbaux Bofoux, responsible for a scientific mission to the Monitoring Centre and the Aniails and Milocations Marins (OCESMM), comes back to the Express on this discovery and explains the long process of identifying new species.
Is it surprising that this new type of dolphin is to be discovered?
That is good news, but I am not particularly surprised.
If, in the past, species have been described and identified on the basis of morphological, anatomical and geographical basis, today, the development of new tools such as genetics allows us to improve our knowledge in the science of the classification of species.
Moreover, it is not impossible for these genetic and molecular progress to challenge the classification or membership of a species of a kind, a family, or even an order.
In the early nineteenth century, morphologists classified animals on the basis of moral differences between species.
Some of these rankings are now being called into question because of progress in genetic engineering.
Similarly, two species that are very close to morphologically have been distinguished from genetics.
This is the case with the new species that has just been identified.
Ten years ago, the scientific community recognised two species belonging to this sub-family: the dolphins in the Pacific and the swing whales of the Atlantic.
The recent analyses have made it possible to distinguish four species.
Why is this an important discovery, as the Wildlife Society Society said?
From a conservation point of view, it is essential to know these genetic differences in order to protect the species and thus its genetic variability.
If this population had already been known for a long time by researchers, they did not know that it was part of a new species, but only there.
Therefore, if a massive problem of death caused by a viral or accidental epidemic arises in the region, we could deal with the extinction of a species, rather than a local disappearance of a population of a species that is more widely spread on Earth.
This loss of genetic inheritance would be much more problematic.
A species is considered to be threatened or endangered according to the number of existing people on Earth, that is, the stock, and the opportunity it has to recover from neighbouring stocks.
With regard to Sousa horse species, whose population of the new species has emerged, its stock automatically has become weaker, making it more vulnerable.
Why is it rare to discover new species of marine mammals?
Marine mammals are located at the top of the food chain.
They live in homogeneous, open habitats, where there are many genetic exchanges between people and individuals.
Gene-brewing limits the creation of new species.
Conversely, more closed ecosystems promote genetic isolation, which can eventually create new species.
We must bear in mind that the marine environment is the least well known.
We prefer to send robots on Mars, than to know what lives in the Marianne ’ s grave, just 11 kilometers from the sea surface.
More money is being spent on life research on other planets than on marine research, and it is high time that this was changed.
RBS suspends two traders in the currency market.
Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended two trappers of its foreign-exchange division on two sides of the dossier, yet again shows that the global investigation by regulators of suspicions of currency market manipulations is beginning to bear fruit.
Some of the world ’ s largest banks, including UBS, Barclays, Deutsche Bank and RBS, have confirmed that they cooperate with regulators in the world ’ s largest financial market investigations, where US $5.3 trillion changes every day.
The two traders are the first employees of RBS to be suspended in the context of broadening the investigation which echoes the scandal of the manipulation of the interbank rate Libor.
The bank, which refused to comment on the suspensions, confirmed this month having received requests for information from regulators.
'The ongoing investigation of this case continues and we cooperate fully with the FCA and the other regulators', said a representative of the bank two weeks ago.
Last month, the sources close to the dossier stated that RBS had passed on emails and instant messages, sent to and by a former trader, to the British regulator, the Financial Conduxt Authority.
The Rader, Richard Usher, left RBS in 2010 and would have been suspended from his post as the European Credit Trust for JPMorgan.
Rhan Ramchandani, a European official in Cuti exchange trading, was put off this week, while Matt Gardiner, senior currency trader in Barclays and UBS, was suspended by Standard Charré this week.
None of these traders has been indicted.
Mr Usher's dossier included instant messages sent to and by bankers working at Barclays and Citigroup added sources close to the dossier.
UBS this week explained that it had taken action against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator, Finma, declared that he was investigating suspicions of currency market manipulation in a number of Swiss banks.
In the world, at least six authorities – the European Commission, Finma, the rule of Swiss competition authority, the FCF, the US Department of Justice, and Hong Kong ’ s monetary authority – look at the claims made about bankers who have agreed to manipulate rates on the exchange market..
HSBC, Citigroup, JPMorgan and Crédé Switzerland have also launched internal investigations or received requests for information from regulators, have indicated sources close to the file.
Banks are spurring the instant messages and emails sent for years to find cases of reprehensible acts.
The news about these investigations has shaken traders in a sector that has been one of the biggest engines of growth in investment trading units in recent years, but has been called into question this year because of the low volatility of currencies that limits opportunities for speculators.
Some bankers tried to play down the case by saying that it is almost impossible to manipulate the vast liquid exchange markets, but senior traders explain that this is not necessarily true.
A senior trader said that, despite the high volume of daily exchange transactions, the fragmentation of liquidity between trading platforms and the increasingly frequent use by banks of their own internal platforms “explains that it is possible to start having an impact on the market. Little expense. '
The news came on the very day that Crédit Switzerland announced that it had sent a trader working in its fund office negotiated on the London stock exchange this week after it caused a $6 M loss at the end of last year.
The bank quickly informed the competent authorities and cooperated with regulators.
'We are convinced that the trader has acted alone and that the matter has been managed ', a representative of the Crédis Switzerland.
The investigation of Mayor Rob Ford has been botched, a lawyer supported a lawyer.
After the police confirmed that they had put their hands on a copy of the video that would show Rob Ford smokest, Me Clayton Ruby argued that he had never seen such a botched investigation.
Me Ruby said that he believes that the police had "ignored or minimized" evidence against the mayor.
On Thursday, the police arrested Rob Ford's occasional friend and driver, Alexander Lisi, who was 35 years old, and accused him of extortion of the video.
Alexander Lisi, previously accused of drug trafficking, was in frequent contact with the mayor.
The police have said that they have also observed this man delivering parcel to Rob Ford, indicating new court documents.
Me Ruby described as inexplicable the fact that the police never searched the vehicle of Rob Ford or his home, or listened to his telephone, arguing that the chief police leader Bill Blair was informed of not acting against the mayor.
According to the law, the police, having witnessed suspected transactions in their own hands, could very well intercept the vehicle of Rob Ford, arrest the mayor, and make a raid - even without a mandate.
It could also have requested a snapshot mandate, if necessary.
The police chief did not comment, but his spokesman Mark Pugas described the words of Me Ruby as a 'obvious and desperate attempt' to assert himself to the media in a case that does not concern him.
In the press conference on Thursday, Mr Blair said that there was nothing in this video that could be 'reasonable grounds' which could lead to the submission of a criminal accusation against the mayor.
European Bourbons falling in mid-sitting, except London
With the exception of London, Europe ’ s major stock markets are developing in mid-sitting, plagued by some news of disappointing companies, while Wall-Street is expected to rise.
Moreover, investors remain cautious because they believe that the US Federal Reserve could unsettle its policy of quantitative easing earlier than expected.
By contrast, after the announcement of 0.7% inflation for the eurozone as a whole, the idea is spread among market participants that the European Central Bank (ECB) could relax its monetary policy.
Future Wall Street ’ s future suggests that America ’ s actions will open up after two consecutive retrenchment sessions.
With regard to values, Renault (4.63%) has the strongest withdrawal from CAC 40, which has been plagued by the warning on the result of its partner Nissan Motor Friday.
Royal Bank of Scotland (6.26%) marks the worst performance of the Eurost300, after also publishing downside results this morning and announced the internal creation of a dishal structure of GBP 38 billion of the most risky assets. That is the case.
For its part, Vodafone (+ 2.45%) remains at the top of the EuroFirst300 increases in response to press information that AT & T study a possible takeover bid.
On the currency market, speculation about the ECB's monetary policy is going well, as John Hardy, the strategist at Saxo Bank, shows.
The ECB ’ s unique mandate has always been inflation, so Mario Draghi and his team have more reason to act at next week ’ s meeting.
We are anticipating a strong reduction potential in the euro.
In this context, the euro is continuing its withdrawal from the US currency and has reached a lower level of two weeks to 1.3517 dollar.
The same conjecture supports the eurozone ’ s bond market in the opposite direction.
Obama ’ s Supreme Court
The great victory for the Obama administration: the US Supreme Court has today declared that Obama ’ s reform law is constitutional.
By 5 votes to 4, the judges have validated the individual mandate of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act – which requires citizens to sign health insurance by 2014, otherwise they will have to pay a fine – and have declared it to be a fine. constitutional under the government's power of taxation.
Supreme Court President John Roberts joined the Court ’ s four most liberal members, while judges Scalia, Thomas, Alito and Kennedy expressed their disagreement.
The Court also validated the other sections of the Act of 2 700 pages, and also considered that the provision of the health system reform law, which stipulates that the threshold of eligibility for Medicaid should be reduced to lose all the federal funding of the programme, was coercive in accordance with the principle. constitution.
The procedure for blocking the law has been committed by 26 states and the National Federation of Independent Business.
All the leading Republican presidential candidates in the presidential primaries of 2012, including Commissioner-designate Mitt Romney, were fiercely opposed to the law.
Remembering the Former combatants in Momenton
At the heart of the cemetery in the Traquet, civil, religious and military authorities, as well as many patriotic associations, this Friday afternoon paid a tribute to the soldiers and deputies of all wars.
There were gerbes in two of the three cemeteries of the cemetery by the mayor Jean-Claude Guibal and various personalities.
Pollution between Palestinians and Israelis on the border of Gaza
Four Hamas fighters were killed and five Israeli soldiers injured on Thursday, 31 October 2013 at a violent hall on the border between Gaza and Israel, the most serious incident in Palestinian territory for a year.
The only power station in the Gaza Strip ceased to operate on Friday 1 November after its fuel stocks had been exhausted, announced the Palestinian Authority's Energy Authority.
A local commander from the Azzed Al-Qassam Brigade Brigades, Khaled Abu Bakr, and another part of the Hamas army, Rabieh Barikeh, were killed by a shr of tank during an Israeli army incursion into the Israeli army. is Khan Youès, in the south of the Gaza Strip, according to local medical sources.
Two other local officials of the Al-Qassam Brigades, Mohammed al-Qasas and Mohammed Daoud, died when an Israeli helicopter opened fire in the same region.
Their bodies were discovered later.
According to Palestinian security sources, the four fighters led a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian enclave and Israel.
An attack on a tunnel fuelled by the Palestinians
According to the same sources and witnesses, an Israeli tank and a bulldozer bulldozer have incurred a 100 metre incursion into the territory before leaving.
The confrontation lasted half an hour, according to witnesses.
In a communiqué, a Hamas spokesman, Sami Abu Zouhari, paid tribute to the four “heroes ” and asserted that Israeli soldiers died during the confrontation.
Hamas congratulates the heroes of al-Assaam who fell prey to the territory in an incursion of the Zionist occupier at Khan Youès.
Several enemies were killed and injured during the operation.
'Hamas ensures that Gaza will be a hell for the occupier ', has threatened the spokesman.
For its part, the Israeli army indicated that the target of its operation was initially a section of a broad tunnel widened into Israeli territory from the Palestinian enclave, discovered on 7 October and intended, according to the army, to 'terrorist activities'.
Hamas has claimed that tunnels were used to fight Israel, stating that the aim was to take away Israeli soldiers to trade them against Palestinian prisoners.
The operation aimed to prevent future terrorist attacks using this tunnel, explained an Israeli military communiqué.
During the operation, Hamas triggered an explosive gear targeting the Tahal forces (the Israeli army) and injured 5 soldiers.
Israel ’ s Attack in Northern Syria
'This mission was imperative because of the risk of using the terrorist tunnel for attacks on Israeli civilians', as stated by the spokesman of the army Peter Lerner.
On the other hand, Israel has hit a military base in north-west Syria for a shipment of missiles to Lebanese Hezbollah Hezbollah, on Thursday 31 October the Al-Arabiya satellite channel.
An American official has confirmed a 'Israeli strike', but has not given details of the target.
'In the past, targets have been missiles transferred to Hezbollah ', has simply added.
Israeli government officials have refused to confirm any information about such an attack.
In the name of the 'exclusive sources' that it has not appointed, the Saudi capital chain has indicated that 'the bombing targeted a cargo of solar missiles intended for Hezbollah in Lebanon', with reference to the powerful Shiite Shiite movement fighting the rebels alongside the Syrian forces.
Earlier, a Syrian NGO, the Syrian Human Rights Observatory, reported several explosions on Wednesday at the dawn of a air defence base at Sonar Jabé, near Leattacked, on the Syrian coast.
This organisation based on a network of activists and medical sources had not been able to identify the origin of the explosions.
A black and white for Marie Chouinard, who is present at Danes Danse, her two new group chorgos: the first inspired by Henri Michau ’ s poems and poems, the second ploy by the famous solos of piano Gymnopera, the second ploy of piano Gymnopera. Diplomats in Sdiplomacy.
An evening that allows us to see the whole prism of Chiouinard, of art to white tiks and of the black of ink.
A white screen serves a wall of substance.
On the carpet, white as it is, in the huge space of the Maionria Master, the profile is being created, an end to such a line, a body dressed in black, a body.
On the screen, a ink from Henri Michau is planned.
The body, simple, takes its form.
And this form will be that of the whole coin: a fiddle of physical imitations of designs.
The dancing danters, who are fully dressed in black, only the hands and the undiscovered face expect from each side of the game, rush when the next graph appears, embodies and embodies.
This black and white game of Henri Michau is being carried out by solos, into a group in unison (a mass that does solo), as a large group of twelve solos, where everyone executes their sign.
One thinks of the morning of Glory in solo, where, in solo, Chouinard carried out a series of chorical tasks written on cartels, which were on the front line in the front line.
This is the same principle, a giant PowerPoint.
Here the music is strong, it is strong, it is electric guzzling.
Energy is high, the pace is always fast.
If Carol Prior is going to hide under the dance of dancing, to hand out, hand in hand, without sober or restraint, some of the poem of Miches, Monode and Monotone in shouting, will continue to dance and dance.
And the music to start again, and the sequence to resume.
This sound and energetic discharge, long if it is possible, ends up dwelling and engulfing.
This is also true of the regularity of the visual rhythm.
There are some beautiful flashpoints - the creation of images has always been a force in Chouinard - like these hair hair, or these black tissues that extend the lines.
But the chorgasic approach is lacking in composition.
The impression has been given that, rather than having to meet Michax's work, the chorera has been imposed, with its ticks.
As a result, the bodies appear to be flat in front of the drawings.
The cages of Michau, like Gestalt forms, open up a broader, gigantic imaginary than the more dancing.
Only the end, in negative, with its dancing dancing danced by a strobocopic light and white signs in a sudden black theatre, touches the magic.
The public liked, the reception was warm.
The Gymnoperas, after the interact, is richer.
The scene is part of grey, dance dancing, and a piano is covered by tissues, like furniture in a neglected house.
The piano dancing danced to play the sidelines.
Their touchingly shaky music gives real fragility.
On the scene, spend couples, in love duos, very senseless, even erotic.
Work of group, small transitions, intercalibre groups that move around and shocking, writing is less binary.
Soft shots appear, as familiar to Chouinard, running the red nose, in very polarised bitter tributes.
Laws are carningers, smokescreen or players.
gestures, laughs and cracks transpose the archaic, grace and ludicrous of the bodies in cooking, based on parochial and parochial ludicrous.
But the coin takes its real flight after salvation.
A clown is on the scene when the public leaves.
All of this becomes permitted: the fourth wall falls, the universe exploded, the dancing dancing dancing, the spectators, the gloom, the smokescreen, the applause, the applause, the applause, the applause, the applause and the slippery slope. There is still a sense of seniority.
Jojoy and madness transpired, and it is the art of Chouinard to contaminate the public.
Google, Samsung and Huawei are subject to legal proceedings concerning Nortel patents.
The group with thousands of former Nortel patents began an avalanche of patents on mobile phones on Thursday against mobile phone manufacturers, including Google, the company he hairded at the patent auction that took place after the Nortel bankruptcy failed..
Rkkstar, the consortium that acquired the Nortel and $4.5 Md patents, lodged a complaint against Samsung Electronic Co Ltd, HTC Corp, Huawei and four other companies for infringement proceedings before the Court of Assurance. United States in Texas.
Rockstar is being held jointly by Apple, Microsoft, Blackberry, Ericsson and Sony.
Google is accused of violating seven patents.
Patents contain technologies that show advertising in connection with Internet research terms, have indicated the findings of the trial, which is the profession ’ s occupation of Google.
It was not possible to join the representatives of Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Rocstor.
Samsung, Huawei and HTC make telephones that operate under Google ’ s Android operating system, which provides fierce competition to Apple and Microsoft mobile products.
In 2011, Google made an initial offer of $900 for Nortel patents.
Google has increased its offer several times, and finally offered $4.4 trillion.
After losing North Korea ’ s North / Rocstar patents, Google has subsequently acquired $12.5, a part of Motorola ’ s Motorola library, partly based on the Motorola patent library.
'Although he failed in his attempt to acquire the patents in question during auctions, Google violated and continues to violate these patents', indicated the conclusions of the trial.
Rockstar calls for greater damage and interest against Google, because it claims that Google's patent violation is stubborn, according to the plaintiff.
Explosion of a house in Gesves: defective water heaters at the root of the explosion
The grandmother would have switched on a cigarette during a gas leak.
The explosion of a housing in Gesves, which caused two serious injuries on Friday morning, a fifty-year-old grandmother and five years grandson, is due to a gas flight from defective water heaters, on Friday evening the replacement of the King's prosecutor.
The office expert on the spot ensures that the origin of the explosion is purely accidental.
The grandmother switched on a cigarette when there was a gas flight and an accumulation of gas.
The two victims ’ vital prognosis is still committed.
The grandmother was projected by the explosion and was burnt down sharply.
The small boy, who was sitting at his grandfather and his companion, was on his side and burned slightly.
'The two victims were intudoned and at length on the ground before being taken to Liège CHU, she in Liège helicopter, her ambulance ', specified the torturers José Paulet, who descended into the scene.
Tragically, the grandfather was on the floor at the time of the explosion.
It was, but he was able to join the retreat by the stairground remained intact, while the back-back of the house was completely destroyed.
The grandfather and tenant of the neighbouring house, weakened by the explosion, were relocated by the President of the CPAS.
The fire brigade from Anne and Namur and the police of the Arches have intervened.
Crison ’ s civil protection has stabilized the two buildings.
Egypt ’ s First freely elected President
Mohamed Morsi lent investiture, but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark the end of the political conflicts in Egypt.
The Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised the emergence of a “new Egypt ” when he lent the inauguration of the presidency, thus becoming the first freely elected president and successor to Hosni Mubarak who was driven out of power 16 months earlier.
During his investiture to the High Constitutional Court, Morsi also became the first freely elected Islamist president of the Arab world and Egypt ’ s fifth Head of State since the overthrow of the monarchy 60 years ago.
He sworn to the 18 court judges of the Court, whose building on the Nil was built to resemble an Egyptian temple.
“We want better tomorrow, a new Egypt and a second republic, ” President Morsi declared during the solemn ceremony broadcast directly on public television.
“Today, the Egyptian people have laid the foundations for a new life – absolute freedom, true democracy, and stability, ” explained Mr Morsi, a 60 year-old engineer in the United States from the Muslim Brotherhood, a fundamentalist group considered for more than 84 years from his training as an illegal and hard-pressed organization. Success by successive governments.
Hundreds of soldiers and police kept the building when Morsi arrived shortly after 11 hours, local hours, followed by a small convoy.
Only a few hundred fans had gathered before the Court to cheer the new president, and, distancing himself from the Mubarak years, the movement was only briefly interrupted to allow the passage from his convoy to the very crowded streets linking the town centre to the southern suburbs.
The Muslim Brotherhood ’ s uncharismatic “rescue wheel, ” his personal prestige considerably strengthened since his victory and Friday speech during which he tried to portray himself as the candidate not only of Islamists, but of all those who want to finish the work begun in the 2011 uprising against him. authoritarian President Mubarak.
'Egypt is now a civil, national, constitutional and modern state ', said Mohamed Morsi, blue costume and red costate, addressing the judges present in the orthodox boister in which he sworn.
Later, Morsi went to Cairo University, where he gave his investiture speech.
He was officially hosted by a military fanfare that played the national anthem when he was standing in for you.
Téshal Hussein Tantaoui attended the ceremony.
On his arrival he was greeted by the 'people and the army, hand in hand', with thousands of people gathered together in the great lecture of the university.
Based on 1908 and a former bastion of secular education, Cairo ’ s University of Cairo later became a string of Islamic students ’ groups in the 1970 ’ s.
Mr Morsi made a symbolic sworn Friday in Tahrir Square, where the uprising that ended Mubarak ’ s authoritarian regime last year, and sworn to recover presidential powers, whose military council, which replaced the former president, has deprived him of it.
But, by agreeing to lend formally to the Court, rather than to Parliament as usual, he is prone to the military ’ s will by showing that the power struggle is not over.
Morsi ’ s speech in Tahrir Square was accompanied by spectacular populist gestures.
The US Shutdown has held back the rise in the car market.
The closure for 16 days of most federal administrations weighed on the growth of car sales in the United States in October, showing the figures published by manufacturers on Friday, five of the six main performance performance performance performance.
The three big Detroit manufacturers have double-digit growth compared to October 2012, but only General Motors has done better than expected.
Analysts anticipated 15.4 million sales in annualized rhythm and corrected seasonal variations, but the market stood at 15.3 million according to Adam Jonas, Morgan Stanley analyst.
In a note to the bank's clients, he believes that this small brake is primarily due to 'the government shutdown and its impact on consumer sentiment in the first half of the month'.
GM has, however, reported a 16% increase in sales last month to 226 402 vehicles, compared to 211 563 vehicles expected by consensus.
The group ’ s four brands saw their commercial performance improved relative to October 2012.
Ford, which continues to benefit, among other things, from its success story, has seen its sales progress by 14% over one year to 191 985 vehicles, while the consensus was expected to 194 301.
Chrysler, controlled by Fiat, announced a 11% increase in its sales to 140 083 vehicles, compared to 143 536 expected vehicles.
Toyota and Nissan also have lower sales than consensus, despite one-year increases of 8.8% and 14.2% respectively.
On the New York stock market, GM was 1.4% at 4.35 GMT, while Ford gave up 1.1%.
Renault ’ s stock exchange with Nissan ’ s warning
On Friday, Renault accuses the SBFF 120 in Paris after its partner Nissan Motor announced that it had reduced its annual net benefit by almost 20%, reporting traders.
Nissan, who had to carry out such a review, also announced a reshuffle of his leadership.
Several traders reported that the Renault action was affected this morning by 'winning'.
'This is a clear Nissan profit profit ', a person responsible for the trading of an Paris broker.
Within the framework of the Renault-Nissan alliance, Renault has 43.4% of Nissan's capital and the Japanese manufacturer 15% of the French, according to data on Nissan's website.
Greece: two deaths in a shooting near a local of the neo-Nazi party
Two people were killed and another was seriously injured on Friday night by shots fired by two people who were on board a moto from the neo-azi Dawn Dawn suburb of Athens, was taught police.
The police were not in a position at the moment to provide information on the identity of the victims and their possible political affiliation.
Some Greek media reported that Golden Dawn members had argued that the victims were guardians of their local people.
The injured person was immediately hospitalised, depending on the same source.
policemen of the anti-terrorist service have shrunk into the central avenue of the suburb Iraqi suburb, where the incident took place and which closed the neighborhood.
The incident comes a few weeks after the indictment of six Golden Dawn Members, including the party leader and founder for participation in 'a criminal organisation' in an offensive against this party launched after the death of an anti-fascist musician by one of his members.
Scott Brown ’ s Failure
Scott Brown, the captain of Celtic Glasgow, has seen his appeal rejected and will be suspended for the next two matches of his club ’ s champions against the Ajax and Ajax Milan.
Expropeated against the Barça for a blow to Nymar, the Scottish environment saw its suspension extended to three meetings by UEFA.
In a communiqué, his club said 'very disappointed', believing that his appeal was entirely justified.
Almost 50 000 homes are deprived of electricity throughout the province, shortly after lunchtime Friday, due to the violent winds affecting many regions along the River St Laurent.
The sectors most affected are the Latentiles with 15 042 subscribers plunged into the black, Montegoverned with 13 464 and Outaurs with 8642.
The large region of Montreal is also experiencing failures with nearly 7,000 current-account households in the metropolis and Laval.
You thought that travel agents belonged to the past because of the Internet?
Flight Center seems to be reversing the trend.
Society has revised its forecasts of net upwards and hopes for record results thanks to holidaymakers in Australia and the United Kingdom.
The travel agency is now expecting an underlying profit from the entire exercise of between $325 and 340 before taxes, against a previous forecast of $305 to $315.
If the current forecasts are met, this will represent 12 to 17% growth compared to $290.4 per figure reached in 2011 / 12.
The Director-General, Graham Turner, said that Flight Centre had made 8% profits in the first half of the year and that the second half had started in force, particularly with regard to travel other than business travel in Australia and the United Kingdom.
"Since the beginning of the year, the 10 countries in which we are present are profitable, and several of them are well on the way to achieving record results on the whole exercise before deducting interest and taxes', he said.
This applies to Australia and the United Kingdom, which are usually the countries that generate the greatest profits.
In Australia, the leisure trips have been bounced back in the second half of the year, making it possible to compensate for a small reduction in a domestic market for business travel.
Similarly, in the UK, Flight travel trips have performed well while business customers have spent less.
Its subsidiary in the United States recovered its losses in the first half of the year, where seasonal demand was lower and benefited from the entire financial year for the third consecutive time.
The actions of Flight Center rose by 3 cents to reach $38.20 yesterday.
Unknowns of a hotel near the Cairo pyramid
On Friday, hooked inknowns opened fire on a hotel close to the Cairo pyramids in Egypt without causing victims, as a result of apparent quarrel with redundant workers.
The attackers fled, specified the spokesperson of the Ministry of the Interior, the General General Abdel Latif.
This attack occurred when Egypt received almost no tourists since the military deposed the Islamist President Mohamed Morsi at the beginning of July and repressed his followers ’ demonstrations.
Schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics, speeds, and grammar.
In English literature courses, pupils will have to study at least one piece of Shakespeare, a nineteenth-century novel, a romantic poem and a contemporary British fiction of 1914.
The review will also present 'new texts' to encourage a more diverse reading.
A combination of literature and English language will be abolished.
From 2015 onwards, pupils will have to pass an independent language GCSE, and will be strongly encouraged to choose a separate qualification in English literature.
The Ministry of Education will have to publish its new English and Maths programmes tomorrow – the first subjects to be subject to radical review.
It will make changes in other fundamental matters next year.
On the other hand, Ofqual, the regulator regulator, will reveal a reshuffle of the structure of the SCSE, with a new system of rating and less prices.
Speaking in the summer, Michael Gove, Education Minister, said that there was “broad consensus as to the need to reform our examinations to restore public confidence, ” insisting that the CSE would be“ more stimulating, more ambitious, and more rigorous. ”.
Studies show that English schools devote less time to mthems (116 hours per year, 3 hours per week during the school year) than most other countries.
In comparison, Australian schools offer an average of 143 hours per year, while Singapore ’ s pupils make about 138 hours.
Although there is no formal obligation to spend more hours on employment from time to time, sources close to the coalition government have indicated that the CSE of deepened masks – as well as the greater importance of the issues in international rankings – would likely encourage schools to ensure more of more than they do. It is a long time.
The programme will place greater emphasis on the ‘ problems of the real world ’, including financial mathematics.
This judgment means that a legal text adopted in July in this state and largely calling into question the right to abortion will be able to enter into force.
A octogenie is hosting children with a Mary gun to Hallween.
minors of 9 and 13 years old were wearing back doors to call for sweeteners in Halween evening.
One of the vicinity of the children ’ s neighborhood visited the Muy ’ s neighborhood by holding his hunt.
The old 86-year-old man explained to the policemen he had been afraid of.
His weapon has been seized.
Gestapo ’ s ex-chief of Gestapo in a Jewish cemetery
Müller, who disappeared at the end of the Second World War without it ever traced, was actually buried in a mass grave of a Jewish cemetery in Berlin, affirmed the leader of Germany's Memorial Memorial, Professor Johannes Tuchel, in B. ilk.
Müller did not survive at the end of the war.
"His body was buried in 1945 in a mass graveyard of the Jewish cemetery in Berlin-Mite", he insured a daily newspaper on a daily basis by relying on archives of archives.
This revelation, 68 years after the end of Adolf Hitler ’ s Nazi regime, would respond to one of the great conundrum of the Apru war.
The German secret services, the NBD, ensured that during the summer of 1949 Müller was in Karlovy Vy, then in Czechoslovakia, according to a document obtained by Bild.
The secret services were totally wrong.
'From August 1945, the body of Müller was found in a temporary grave near the former ministry of the Reich of the Reich by a commando ', according to Mr Tuchel.
He referred to 'a uniform of the general'.
"In the left wing, in particular, was his service states with a photograph", he continued.
It also published a document of the town council of the Mitte district in Berlin indicating that it was buried in the Jewish cemetery in the neighborhood of the neighborhood.
The president of the Central Council of Germany ’ s Jews, Diter Graumann, declared himself shocked by this revelation.
Whether one of the most brutal Nazi sades is buried in a Jewish cemetery, it is a huge enormity of bad taste.
'grossly crowds out the memory of the victims', has insurmounted in the newspaper.
Heinrich Müller is one of the important personalities of the Third Reich who have never been caught.
He took part in the Wannee Conference in January 1942, which decided on the 'final solution' and, in particular, under his orders of Adoolf Eicichmann, who was responsible for the 'Logistics' of the extermination of the Jews, sentenced to death and executed in Israel in 1962.
Pamala Anderson cut off his blonds of blonds and adopted a spectacular cut.
Pamla ’ s blonds have become famous thanks to her role in the television series of Alerte Alerte in Malibu.
Pamla Anderson is the last celebrity to shock her fans with a spectacular new hairdresser.
Former Alerte nana in Malibu, the former beautiful nana, has let down its long hair bones against a glimpse of platinum.
The 46 year-old actress unveiled his new look when she walked around L.A. Wednesday and shared a photograph on his Twitter page.
This is the first time in 20 years that the beautiful blonde is being cut off, and there is no such thing as discreet change.
How do you think of Pamy's hairdressers?
Tell us what you think of it in the comments.
It is working in the mud, the jungle and going through rivers to offer free medical assistance free of charge.
Dr. Georges Bowle discovers free health care in Cameroon ’ s villages in Cameroon ’ s villages.
Dr. Bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend on hundreds of patients with hundreds of patients.
There are not many doctors in this country of West Africa, barely 1 to 5 000 inhabitants.
Vote here or your mobile machinery
Dr Georges Bwelle is one of the 10 Héos CNN in 2013.
You can vote for him, or one of the 10 other heroes, for him to elect him 'Héros CNN of the year'.
This person will receive $250,000 to continue his extraordinary work.
For 21 years, Georges Bwelle watched his father ill alternating periods of conscience and recklessness, and went to hospitals that were not equipped to help him.
James Bwelle was injured in a car accident near Yauné, Cameroon ’ s capital.
At the beginning, he had only a broken arm, but he contracted an infection that spread to his brain, creating a haematoma whose legacy he was going to wear the rest of his life.
“There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon, ” Georges Bwelle said.
We would have taken it abroad if we had had enough money.
Instead, Dr Bwelle spent years supporting his father in crowded clinics and hospitals, so that he would get any treatment he could receive.
"It is not easy," adds Mr Bwelle.
You can leave the house at 5 p.m., you can get to hospital to be the first, and you are not the first.
There are many patients.
People can die because they wait too long.
The situation has not changed much since the death of Dr Bwelle's father in 2002.
In Cameroon, there are only 1 doctors for 5 000 inhabitants, according to the World Health Organisation.
By way of comparison, the ratio in the United States is 1 doctor for 413 inhabitants.
Even if they could see a doctor, many Cameroons would not be able to pay for the consultation.
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line, and almost three quarters of the country's health spending is carried out in the private sector.
“The only problem they have, that is poverty, ” explained Dr. Bwelle.
And because of poverty, they cannot enjoy life.
Having seen his father and so many of his compatriots suffer, Dr Bwelle was determined to try to change things.
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers have carried out more than 700 surgical acts free of charge over the last year.
He became a doctor himself, working like surgeons to the Yaoundé central hospital.
And he created a non-profit-making humanitarian association, ASCOVME, which travels to rural areas during weekends to provide free health care.
Since 2008, he and his voluntary group have helped almost 32 000 people.
Almost every Friday, with 30 people, they are bogged down in fodder after setting medical equipment on the roof and going through difficult areas to travel to the villages most in need.
It does not always follow them.
Time and time again, they have had to drive vehicles to cross rivers or pious paths.
But when they arrive, they are received as heroes: the community is organising a festival, dancing and dance and offering them the best housing available.
In these villages, free healthcare is a good reason to celebrate, and Dr Bwelle – with his great smile and spillover energy – is more than happy to join the festivities.
The morning after, the team starts to receive hundreds of patients.
'We get 500 people on each visit ', said Mr Bwelle.
Sometimes they live 60 km of the village, and they come on foot.
In this travelling hospital, various health care is provided.
Many people are treated against malaria, tuberculosis, malnutrition, diabetes, parasites and sexually transmitted diseases.
Others can receive crutches, glasses of collected glasses, or a free birth certificate – a document needed to go to school, but many poor families simply cannot afford to buy it.
Tonight, the practical team of simple surgeons under local anaesthesia.
Operations are usually carried out in a school, a town maker or a house; after the intervention the patient is standing up and going into the awakening room to leave his place to the next person.
Thanks to the light of the electrogen group, the operation room and sterilisation of equipment, Dr Bwelle and his volunteers work until the first hours of Sunday morning.
This is a resounding rhythm, but village musicians generally help the team to remain motivated.
Mr Bwelle explained Mr Bwelle, 'They are knocking on the drums all night to keep us awake so that we can continue to work'.
On Sunday, the team returned to town, tired but proud of the work that it has done.
The group, made up of Cameroon and medical students, carried out 700 surgical acts free of charge over the last year, and he knows that their presence can make all the difference for those who help them.
A man explained that the free operation he had experienced to treat a herd would enable him to work again.
'This will change my future and that of my family ', has said the man.
In addition to making this hospital travelling and working as a hospital surgeon, Dr Bwelle is also working at night in private medical firms around Yauné.
It is this second job, he explained, which funds 60% of his association; the rest is covered by private donations.
“I don ’ t know when he is sleeping, ” a medical student said in the second year of Drexel University in Philadelphia and volunteer in Dr Bwelle ’ s group.
He is still in hospital or trying to find money for his association in order to be able to conduct these campaigns.
For medical students and nurses like Kdiplomacy O'Malley, who come from the United States and Europe to join Mr Bwelle in his duties, this is an opportunity for learning on the ground that they do not have at home.
“We were able to take part in operations to help the blood or use of the instruments to Dr. Bwelle. ” Miss O'Malley explained.
This is not something you have the opportunity to do in America when you are a medical student in the second year.
Voluntary students usually pay their travel to Cameroon, often with medical equipment collected.
But once in Yauné, their pensions, transport and education are dealt with by Dr Bwelle.
'He is a hero, there is no doubt ', he said Kdiplomacy O'Malley.
He gives his life for this association, and his desire to help the Cameroon people is not close to extinction.
For Dr Bwelle, the relatively constant workload is not a problem.
Helping others to live happily in keeping with the promise he made to his father is something that gives him a great deal of joy.
"I am so happy when I am doing this work," added Mr Bwelle.
And I am thinking of my father.
I hope he can see what I am doing.
Making people laugh and relieving the pain are the reasons for me to do that.
Look at the SACOVE site to see how you can help.
The two France of Pierre Nora
Perplex academics have long been painless to define and situate Pierre Nora.
Professor in amphihips and the lecture rooms?
Undoubtedly, but by underlining its weak point, Sciences-Po, the Eud High Representative.
How many others' works of work in the Gaston-Galmard street office?
Indeed, but ignoring the hidden work and the black writing of the publisher.
Hertier of the occupied, Fontainebleaf at the French Academy?
Of course, but in the knowledge that such a sacrosanct could not replace the true holy oil, the theory of which it happened.
They willingly acknowledged in him a great wavelength, an animator and a federator of their work, but to point out that he was not inclined to produce him himself.
To this uncertain image, the monument of the Livory Lives, to which he attached his name, has also contributed.
The bad languages were able to see a huge market in chips, presented by an intelligent commentator, with an enormous glance and a leetings of scholarship, but incurably diletted.
The two books published by Nora almost two years ago have already established that the person who did not write had long and well written.
The book here should definitely be justice for him.
Yet, once again, there is the temptation of ubiquity, intellectual vagabundance, jubilation and jubilation to be jumped together on one subject to another.
But it is easy to understand that the disparate objects brought together in this book to such a beautiful title bring the bucket to one and the same passion: that of finding out the constituent's constituent of French identity.
Why these dramatic calls to national unity?
Identified: it is a concern of the time.
Only a short time ago, we were collectively invited to give it a definition.
But, in the pervasive spirit of our then leaders, French identity was a gasoline gasoline.
It was only by deploying accidents, and the case, Jacobinism required, was entrusted to the prefects and subprefects, authorised interpreters.
Pierre Nora trump Pierre Nora is quite different.
It does not arise as an eternal heir, it refuses to define it.
Analyst for a familiar stranglehold, he is wandering into a forest of symbols, arrested each step by a bus form, tormented by irritating questions.
He is born, who is born of the company itself: why, in a country that is so long established within its borders, so formerly charted and firmly mature, will these dramatic calls be made to unity?
They are so pressing, suggested by Pierre Nora, to avoid the disturbance of discord in French history.
Francs and Gaulaws, Armagnacs and Bourguers, Catholics and Protestants: the forces of division here are very old.
And the most symbolic is, of course, the one that flies in the face of national history.
From the earthquake ’ s earthquake, the French have two stories, and they have two nations, a monarchic, and the other revolutionary.
The second wanted the first, but it did not deny it; instead, it was anxious to return to the sacred and all the more greedy for unity and indivisibility that it had cut the head off from the obvious and powerful embodiment.
And, hence, an invincibly binary nation, shared between left and right, secularism, and Catholicism, worship and hatred.
In order to make France ’ s identity felt, there is nothing worth the four steps outside the Hexaggerone, so the American sickness of Pierre Nora may well be the heart of his book.
After all, America and France have a revolution, they have drawn up a declaration of rights, they want to establish a new society.
But the American cousing is only more emphatic about what is unique to us.
There, men who left their Ancien region in England and did not need to worry about it.
Here, jgested men of an ancien region of India, and all the more radical.
This is a consensual revolution when it sowed drama and configuration into it.
There, the founding fathers who are still honored, and here, revolutionary ancestors whose models are struggling to models, and who have, of course, killed themselves.
Here institutional consistency, and here there is a cascade of constitutions, such as errors of catching up and tests to be carried out.
France, which is now France,
Yet there was a time when the French believed that they could recoup the teeth of their history, and defeat the figure two.
With Pierre Nora ’ s central and creative Republic, Pierre Nora showed a great deal of interest and tenacity: saluting those who then used to repair the revolutionary divide, teaching children to school children everything that in former France was preparing modern France and proposing them to them. A unified version of their history.
But this peaceful identity has only had time.
This is again in debate, mired in immigration of a new type, threatened by the rise of resonant minorities, absorbed into the European area.
The book therefore offers both the fascinating portrait of France and the circumspection of France.
With, on top of this, the portrait of the historian, who should set aside some surprises.
It is discovered that the railway was a cater.
The man of multiple curiosities turned, slightly obsessively, around the same idea.
The manual of manpower is at the centre of the centre.
And those who tabled, over half a century ago, a subject on the idea of nation, but took away from the initial exercise of the thesis, entrust us with, cum fat, that he will end up doing so.
Of course, in a less sophisticated, fragmented and subtle form.
Let us not deceive ourselves, however.
For much more than the imposed figure of the university curriculum, this is an indication of the internal need for a life.
A former hostage in Lebanon: 'The return is quite complex enough to manage'.
Raised in Beirut on 8 March 1986, together with three members of his “Antenne 2 ” team, the journalist Jean-Louis Normandiin was released almost 21 months later on November 27, 1987.
Retreaty since 2008 has participated in the creation in 2004 of the creation of the FTAs to defend the world ’ s hostages, which he has presided over for several years.
Its main objective is to obtain the opportunity for the hostages to lodge a complaint and to bring their hostages to the International Criminal Court.
More than 1 000 days, the four hostages in Aqi (al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb) Daniel Larrebe, Thierry Dol, Pierre Legreat and Marc Féret were released on Tuesday.
After medical examinations at the Val-D-de Military Hospital, they have, since then, been able to return to their families.
And, gradually, try to take the course of their lives again.
'The New Observer 'asked Jean-Louis Normandiin, 62 years, ex grand delay, which has been retreated since 2008, President of the World Trade Organisation.
As early as the evening of your release, you were on the 20h of 'Antenne 2'.
What are your memories of your release today?
There, in particular, in Beirut.
When I was released, I found myself in the coffin of a car where I met - without seeing it because it is black - Roger Auque.
He tells me 'we are released', but I am not sure, and I am told that we can still be killed.
We are very excited, but also very tense.
It is war, and those who drive us are also very tense.
They are putting us on the edge of a pavements.
There are Syrian soldiers.
Then we come to the Summerland hotel where the press is present.
The French have brought us to the French Embassy.
This is the time for parents, family, friends and press...
I remember taking a bath for an hour.
And having dine in T-shirt to the French Embassy.
I also remember a short night to discuss with Roger and Marchiani.
Tensions are still there because we do not have the means to evacuate to Larnaca Airport in Cyprus.
Arrived there with helicopter, one takes a private aeroplane who brings us back to France via Corfu and Solrenzara, where Pasqua is.
How did you arrive on French soil?
We are attaining Orly.
Chirac, Prime Minister, is there.
This is a little brutal.
There is an unbelievable butster.
And there is a lot of media.
When I left there were three television channels.
I have come back and I have full.
The descent from the aeroplane raid, the reunion with my son and my parents, my friends, all of this is extremely emotional.
Between the airport and in my home, many motorcycles follow our car that Rcusi is driving.
The motorists get the torch for photographs and go to me to me where I have to police some of the police to prevent some of them from rising.
The media pressure is enormous.
It does not stop, we are well placed to know...
But the state of emotion and tiredness is such that it is difficult to see.
We are running out of a hole and we are suddenly under media fire.
It is a little complicated, rather violent, rather complex to manage.
But the hardest thing has been done.
The onset, I am at the 20h, the next day, too, I am on television.
Then there is a kind of adjustment to life, very slowly, for one or two months that is a little like holiday.
How did the medical examinations and the DGSE deal have gone?
I had the first medical control in Corsica.
The rest was done in the Val-de-sailing day following my return: radios, all kinds of exams and a psychiatrist.
It is not a sitting that does everything, but we know that you can count on him, if need be, that we are not handed over to ourselves.
That is part of the procedure.
I have also met the intelligence services.
They asked me about the hostage takers.
That was logical.
It did not bode well for me.
How do you respond today to the release of the four hostages in Niger?
I listen to what is being said.
The debate on ransoms in particular.
Some things irritate me, others less.
I am trying to take stock between the issues on my past as a hostage and my hat as President of the World Trade Organisation, which allows me to distance myself from this, and seems to me to be much more interesting to address.
I wonder, for example, about the definition of resilience.
Above all, I am fighting, together with others, for the recognition of the legal status of hostages.
In my opinion, there is a problem of semantics.
We must call the capture of 'political hostages' 'political hostages' - which is the case most of the time - and allow hostages to have access to justice, to lodge complaints and to bring their hostages to the International Criminal Court.
Today, once again, everyone is in sympathy, emotion, and welcomes the release of these hostages.
But who says that these hostages might also have access to justice?
A tribunal in The Hague is for that.
Why do you not say to the hostage takers, 'You have flouted the rules of war, like those of all the Geneva Conventions, you will be brought to justice'?
It seems to me to be founded, however legitimate, on common sense.
This message is heard, but not listened to, and it is shocking to me.
That is my main struggle.
Egyptian Islamists ’ street in the streets to denounce Morsi ’ s trial
Analysis is grubbing up within the ranks of Egypt ’ s Islamists.
Two days before the trial of the deposed President Mohamed Morsi, they took to the streets.
A mobilization throughout Egypt to demand the re-establishment of the country ’ s first democratically elected president.
It is not a trial that highlights the Muslim Brotherhood ’ s activist.
Until now, no lawyer has been able to meet him and no volunteers have been able to make a copy of the documents of the case.
It is not a trial, it is a farce.
The trial of President Morsi is a false trial of pro-Morsi, he is supposed to make Sisi judge, not the other way round.
Morsi is to judge Sisi for the massacres in Raabaa, the Nahda massacres, and the massacre of the Republican Guard.
Sisi is a liar and a traitor.
clashes broke out in Alexandria, the police used tear gas, 60 demonstrators were arrested.
On Monday, 20 000 police officers will be deployed to the police academy in Cairo, where Mohamed Morsi will be tried.
Hagel reproaching 9 American states for violating homosexual rights
Ever since the federal state recognized same-sex marriage, "All military spouses have a right to an identity card for the Department of Defense and benefits that come with", reminded the Minister in New York in a speech to the Ancient Defense League against anti-Semitism.
'But some states refuse to issue these cards to same-sex spouses in the National Guards' installations, which he denounced, accused these states of violating federal law and the principle of equality.
Without these cards, these people cannot benefit from the many social or health services provided in these bases, or access them to their shops.
The Secretary of Defense said that he ordered the National Guard leader, Frank Grass, to ensure that federal law was implemented.
The front of the nine states began with Texas, which refuses to implement these benefits on the establishment of the Texan National Guard, because of a conflict between the text of the text and the federal law on same-sex marriage.
It was joined in its refusal by Indiana, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, South Caroline and Western Virginia, according to a senior defence officer.
The Pentagon estimates the population affected by the recognition of same-sex marriage to around 5600 active people, 17 000 by including the National Guard, the reserve and pensioners.
Sixth edition of the Play Skateard on Saturday in Hyland
The sixth edition of the Play Skateboard takes place on Saturday 2 November in the Jate park in Hyland.
Organized by the Association ’ s SK8 Unity, the competition should bring together the region ’ s best skyers.
The enrollment is taken on Saturday morning from 9 a.m. and the qualification phases will start at 10 o'clock, before the final at 3 p.m. and the award of prices at 4 p.m.
The public will be able to admire the technical prowess of young people who, for some, already attend competitions at the highest level, like the young, hyerzo Plumbo.
By only 10 years, he has already won his place for Europe ’ s Copenhagen championships this year, and he likes nothing as much as he can go back to competitors that exceed three heads.
The Mayor of Toronto hunt journalists into question about a drug issue.
In Canada, the Mayor of Toronto is suspected of taking up, according to several media.
A video handed over to justice seems to support these suspicions.
The person concerned, Rob Ford, always denied having eaten a crack, while recognising a penchant for cannabis.
On Thursday he removed several journalists from his property.
We also believe that sometimes the images do not need explanation or comment.
A case of rabies detected in a cat in the Val-d'Oise
On Thursday, 31 October, the authorities announced that a case of rabies had been detected in a chaton in the Val-d'Oise, which was obviously foreign to France since 2001.
The Chaton was found on October 25 in Argmentil and died on 28 October.
The diagnosis of rabies was confirmed by the Pasteur Institute.
'epidemiological investigation has been undertaken to identify and take care of those people who could have come into contact with this chatus between 8 October and 28 October included 'precise' ministries of health and agriculture '.
'Five people who have been in contact with the chaton have already been identified 'and have received preventive treatment.
'Come on man, the preventive treatment of human rabies, administered after contact with the animal, but before symptoms appear, is very effective ', precisely the communiqué.
The ministries are now calling on those who would have been dead, gripped, rebuffed, or lacked on a muquet or skin injured by this chaton or whose animal had been in contact with that chatus between 8 and 28 October to contact the 08111.111.111th. 0.060.95 between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. from 1 November.
'France has been raging since 2001, this chaton or mother has been imported from another country, not unscathed ', according to the communiqué.
The Ministry of Agriculture states that the latest 'indigenous' case of rabies listed dates back to December 1998 on a fox and that 'France is declared officially unscathed of this disease in November 2001 by the International Office for Animal Health (OIE)'.
A case of rabies on an illegally imported Chilean imported from Gambia was recorded in 2008.
'Ries is a deadly disease if it is not dealt with in time ', reminiscent of ministries and it is transmissible for nearly 15 days before the first symptoms of the disease appear.
Obama ’ s Healthcare Reform
Under a avalanche of criticism, President Obama returned yesterday to his unmistakable and often repeated promise that “if you are satisfied with your health regime, you can keep him. ”
After hundreds of thousands of people received withdrawal opinions from their providers, the Republicans criticised the President over the last few days by accusing him of deceiving the American people.
Yesterday, Barack Obama adjusted his original promise.
“The vast majority of people with health insurance can keep it, ” he said in a speech in Boston.
Speaking of what he calls “topical and urgent ” retrenchment, President Obama has pushed Americans to seek new market insurance.
Most people will be able to obtain comprehensive health systems that are better suited for the same price, or even cheaper than anticipated.
“You will get out of it, ” he said.
The Administration announced that it would be surprising if the 5% of the population who themselves contracted their insurance were forced to change regime because their coverage does not meet the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act.
‘ Let me address these Americans directly: you deserve better ’, said Kathleen Sebelius during his testimony before the Committee on Energy and Trade in Washington.
Mrs Sebelius, who oversees the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, indicated that the launch in October of the online market had failed 'miserably'.
“I am as frustrated and irritated as anyone else, ” she added.
I look forward to regaining your confidence.
He was a Kathleen Sebelius exasperated when she believed her microphone was cut off, addressing an assistant sitting behind her at yesterday's sitting of the Assembly following a contentious exchange of views with Billy Long, Republican representative from the Missouri Missouri (Missouri) is to know whether she should join Obamacare.
For more than three hours, Billy Long repeatedly urged Mrs Sbelius why 'the architect' of the Affordable Care Act had not voluntarily given up on government insurance to take on a regime via HealthCare.gov than it was. Now we are talking to millions of Americans.
Towards a special cap at Abu Dhabi
The happy elected, Jke Vite Prekop, combined the colours of the automobile brand and the German flag, while integrating the notions of speed and heat into the runway.
The German Sbastian Vetttel, quadruple Formula 1 champion, captured for the free trials of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi on Friday, a special casque whose design was achieved by a 21 year-old Mexican fan.
Vettel chose among 1 500 cartoons sent from all over the world, within the framework of a competition launched by one of the sponsors, a motor vehicle, of its stable.
He was invited to follow Abu Dhabi ’ s GP with a friend, so he can see the German champion, the runway, and his stand closely.
It was to wear this helm on Friday and Saturday, on the trial.
It is likely that he will have another special cap on Sunday for the race to mark his fourth consecutive global title.
One inhabitant of Aubervita launches his suburb ’ s party of the suburb.
Let us not deceive ourselves.
In the spirit of Abdel-Malik Djerme, his founder, the suburb of the suburb, is directed not only at banlians.
I have chosen a map of France as a logo, he justifies it.
When I speak of suburbs, I address all those who are excluded from the great national family.
However, his draft, presented on Thursday at the press conference in its municipality of Auberviol, was born out of the desire to better defend multiculturalism, this great cultural pot that characterises the neighbourhoods above all.
My proposal No 1 is to set up a Ministry of multiculturalism, he says.
Abdel-Malik Djermine, 50 years of territorial attaché, is now claiming to be “100% apolitical, ” even if he has not always been neutral.
Mixed in 2002, together with Jean-Pierre Chevénez, he then supported Dominique de Villepin locally between 2010 and 2011.
I am well aware that the equality values that I advocate in my programme are linked to the left, but if the right wing people are prepared to support me, I will also listen to them.
All I am talking about is the extremist parties.
In addition to multiculturalism, Abdel-Malik Djerme built its consultancy programme on Internet- from many issues that are supposed to talk to suburbs and especially young people: the right to vote for foreigners, the legalisation of cannabis, the civilian majority at 16. The rehabilitation of the function of custodians...
We need to find candidates to form lists and defend their ideas on the political scene '.For the 2014 municipal elections, it is likely to be fair, he recognises'.
It is a problem of time and money.
The suburbs of the suburb of the suburb should, after all, be represented by my candidacy, and I hope in other cities too.
Abdel-Malik Djerme already provides seven heads of list in metropolitan France and Martinique.
"And the support that I receive since yesterday does not all come from suburbs of a suburb '.
John Kerry admitted without precedent that America's espionage "went too far too far '.
John Kerry has indicated a softening of America's defensive attitude to its surveillance programs by admitting, without precedent, that on several occasions espionage “has gone too far. ”
The Secretary of State also admitted that he, like Barack Obama, had governed on “automatic pilot ” when a series of inflammatory revelations by whistleblowers Edward Snowden about NSA ’ s spying activities came into being.
The leaks put the US government at the center of a diplomatic storm with its allies.
When Mr Kerry spoke at an intergovernmental conference in London, Mr Kerry said: 'There is no doubt that the President, myself and other members of the government have become aware of certain things as an automatic pilot because we had the opportunity to do so from the Second World War to the difficult years of the Cold War and then to the difficult years of the Cold War. Of course, on September 11. ”
Then he became the first high-ranking member of the US government to admit that American espionage had overrun, but insisted that everyone ’ s rights had not been violated.
He said: ‘ In some cases it has gone too far. ’
And the President is determined to try to clarify and make it clear to people that he is now carrying out a thorough review of these practices so that nobody feels deceived.
I assure you that innocent people will not be abused in this process.
Mr Kerry insisted, however, that the NSA was a force for good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives.
He added: ‘ We live in a new world in which people are ready to be saved ’.
There is radical extremism in the world that is determined to try to kill people, to blow them up and to attack governments.
And if you could intercept their communications and stop them before they took action?
We have actually prevented aircraft from falling, buildings to explode and people to be murdered because we have been able to read the facts in advance.
Meanwhile, US legislators will travel to Europe to address concerns about suspected American espionage and convince Europeans of the need to continue joint efforts to combat terrorism with the US, on Thursday explained the President of the Senate subcommittee on European affairs.
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said that he spoke to Members of the European Parliament and others this week, and that he was concerned about the threats they had made about the possible withdrawal of anti-terrorist organisations because of the sense of frustration generated by the surveillance of the National Security Committee. Success.
'It really is important for the protection of national security in the United States that Europeans remain on our side in the fight against terrorism ', has declared Murphy, a democrat serving his first term of office, and President of the European Senate's Subcommittee on European Affairs in an interview since Washington.
And I am going to go to Europe to make them understand that we must continue to work together to combat terrorism, despite the anger caused by NSA programmes.
The press reports that the NSA captured millions of communications in Europe, which damaged relations with some US allies, but this week the agency director declared that it was inaccurate and that it was a misunderstanding, because it was about metadata that NATO allies had gathered and had collected. shared with the United States.
Other revelations reported documents leaked by Snowden that the NSA had intercepted data and communications from German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’ s mobile phones and 34 other heads of state.
The director of the intelligence services, James Clarer, justified spying on allies by indicating that it was necessary and that it was standard practice on both sides.
In this atmosphere of tumult, Murphy indicated that his office was holding a Congress trip, which is due to take place this year, and that he hoped that the delegation would include members of both parties and chambers.
The names of the other participating legislators should be unveiled in the coming days.
He said that the route was still to be defined.
Murphy said that the purpose of this journey was to make it possible for relations to be improved, but also to be 'affectionate firmness'.
He explained that European Heads of State should be honest with their citizens about the type of espionage programmes they have been applying for years.
'We can change our monitoring programmes in order to better protect the rights of Europeans, but they must also understand that we are not the only ones in the world to espionage ', has said Murphy.
Meanwhile, Kerry plans to go to the Middle East and Poland at the weekend to manage the resentment engendered by US strategies in Syria, Egypt, and Iran, as well as US surveillance activities.
The London stock market closed on Thursday, overshadowed by Shell ’ s bad results and the aftermath of the Fed ’ s announcement of its continued support for the economy, as planned.
An Australian appeal for his prison sentence in Thailand.
A 21 year-old Sydney who was sentenced to 15 days in Phuket for allegedly being attacked by a taxi driver, who wrongly claimed to have been attacked by a taxi driver, was released on bail.
Stevie Rochelle Bamford was first found guilty by a Phuklet Phuklet Court of Province on 15 June when he told the Thai police that a local taxi driver, accompanied by two other men, had attacked him early on Sunday 10 June..
However, video recordings later revealed that it was returned to its hotel safely after being separated from its Australian small friend.
Phuklet police interrogated Bamford for two days before she admitted that she had invented history.
She was held in a local office of office before the hearing before the court.
Bamford was sentenced to 15 days imprisonment in a low-security detention centre on the periphery of Phuklet rather than in a women's prison.
This is the daughter of the former Australian player rugby, Peter Tunks, who appealed to the Canberra Foreign Ministry to help his daughter.
Tunks told the Sunday Telegraph de Sydney that the entire family was “extremely concerned ” about his daughter ’ s well-being and wanted her to return to Australia.
‘ We have, of course, experienced a distressing moment, but we hope to bring it home safely as soon as possible ’, according to Tunks.
Bamford appealed and was released after a deposit of 50 000 bates was paid.
In Australia, the press said that, in the meantime, it was on holiday in the Krabi region, south of Thailand.
Thai legal sources indicated that Bamford was represented by a local lawyer in Phuklet, but warned that the appeal could lead to an increase in the penalty of up to two years imprisonment and imprisonment in adult prison.
But, after the recent murder in Phuket of Michelle Smith, an Australian traveller, Thailand could also seek to restore its deteriorating image with tourists, which could lead to a acquittal.
The French police will stop Anderlecht supporters who came other than with the RSA cars.
The French police decided to lay down strict rules for the Royal Sportg Club meeting of Anderleht against Tuesday St Gerhandi Paris, Marie Verbeke, the spokesman for the police area Brussels midmidday on Friday.
The Belgian SCA supporters who want to go to this meeting of the Champions League will have to use the RSCA travel system.
'The bus convoy will be escorted by the police from a former border post of Rekem until the PSG stadium ', has sent the spokesman.
The process will be the same for return.
'If other supporters were intending to go to Paris by other means, the French police prefecture has told us that measures have been taken to make arrests or even guards', announced Marie Verbeke again.
Living together in French, the challenge of the school curriculum Marguerite-Burgeyys
In the school curriculum Marguerite-Bourgeys, 62% of pupils have a mother tongue other than French.
A year ago, this was the reason for consultation with parents, pupils, teachers and members of the education staff, to think about how to better integrate pupils who live between different cultures.
The school committee has just unveiled his vision of 'Living together in French'.
The Vision Diversity has been around for a year in schools to help pupils of all origins find common benchmarks that are not restricted to the French language.
The discovery of neighbourhoods, our architecture, our places are benchmarks.
Large names of writers, artists, whether they are souls or they have come from elsewhere.
Who are our builders?
'So, 'projects are created in such a way that they identify with all this', explains the diversity of Vision Kamar, President of Vision Kamar.
Michel Venne from the New World Institute has identified several challenges for the school committee.
"With regard to the transmission, for example, of the queecise culture, the sense of belonging, the support for staff in the transformations we live in, within the student clientele ', he lists.
The curriculum Marguerite-Bourgeya has created a research centre which will give tools to teachers who, too, sometimes come from elsewhere.
Rachida Azouz from the University of Montreal will be the scientific director.
Preparations for managing a class in a North American context.
'Different educational strategies are needed, that is the real need '.
Research will focus on inclusion from all its angles: linguistic, school, social and cultural.
