UKIP who refuse those who live with HIV are a perfect example.
You talk about when Nigel Farage says that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the United Kingdom for health tourism, and when, with this in mind, it says yes when the interviewer asks him specifically whether people living with HIV are included in the undesirables.
First of all, you are using specious arguments, and then you discredit them with a barely veiled homophobia.
Whenever I or my family need the NHS, we must queue behind intolerants to the chronic hypocondrie which thinks that they are all due to them.
I think it is you who are using specious arguments.
Health tourism, as defined by the right-wingers, hardly exists.
I believe that is what we call democracy.
Then no one would be affected by UKIP measures against health tourism, so there is no problem.
Only in the parallel universe of UKIP can Carswell appear as a revolutionary.
There is no evidence of a torchon quotation.
Yes, let us get on with the messenger.
The Mail did not write the report, it did nothing but comment on it.
Those who control the majority of the media in that country should be shot for propagating such populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I do not think you know what a specious argument is.
You know nothing either of my personal situation or of my identity, so you should be careful when you try to kill the debate with accusations of homophobia.
Farage was a great surprise, but only because there is so much talk so rarely about this problem.
He made absolutely no homophobic remark.
You will have to succeed in putting it back to you.
I am not, of course, where you want to come from, but I imagine that you do not like when the media talk about what you do not like.
This is so rarely discussed because unlike Farage and his disciples, who are filmed from Thatcher who believe that AIDS and floods are a sign of god and not a reflection on their own inability to understand that the complexities of humanity are something good, no.
Finally, the situation is as rotten in Ireland as it is in Spain.
With the new crisis, the austerity period will not have helped.
Striking nearly 5% growth in 2015 is a big joke.
Ireland is the European Union's EUROPE TGRF, and there are some annexes of it.
We have seen the follow-up!
It once again read the article.
Attempts are being made to believe that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a NOUVE MIRACL, ECUOMIQE, is currently taking place.
With the Brussels Agreement, on the lowest social-welfare groups in Europe, a flexible working march and continued empowerment.
With these ingrades, let us not poppy at the moment with the arrival of the Poles.
In the 1980 ’ s of the twentieth century, it was leading one of the poorest countries of Europa, with Portuguese, considering a constant perimeter without the infants, the situation is always better than it was.
There was a Green in front of us.
That their development is not a long tranquil river, it is on the basis of recent dissent.
Is Europe the lowest in Europe?
That is not true!
Latvia has an impot rate of 0% on businesses.
Now there is a hypocrisy in France from policies on the impots that have been paid for by the multinationals again and again.
According to a report from 2008 or 2009, they pay less than 5% in France.
It is only SMEs that pay for themselves.
Now I can confirm that the road traffic has become bogged down again, and there are new cars (and shy) there is every corner of the street, just as before the 2008 crisis.
I have been living in Dublin for 14 years, and the recovery is evident in everyday shops since the entry.
Is that supposed to be economic news?
Do not worry, I am sure that the comments will soon go flat.
In another article which they are currently writing, 2 Vauxul Astra is involved in a cup of the A140.
Will Ryanair now shift passengers from one flight to another in this way?
I believe that Mr O'Leary will soon be buying a whole new fleet of aircraft, so a few boxes and radiation on the old will soon be forgotten.
Having said that, I will vote with him next week, so I hope that it will not be on one of these people once they have been silenced.
That would be entirely the fault of the other pilot.
Has Ryanair made passengers pay for the additional fear they have been given?
But without such Irish companies, you could not allow you to go on holiday, young man.
I never took Ryanair and the last three times my plane was with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers a good service.
No, but it is Ryanair, so they can give it to their joy.
Any article on Ryanair triggers dozens of comments from people who would never take Ryanair out of those who love Ryanair and think that those who pay anything other than the basic tariff only have to blame themselves, etc.
That is quite transparent.
Ryanair is not going to be happy with the additional costs of this incident.
I wonder what the delays will be and whether it will be necessary to compensate passengers and, if Ryanair is able to avoid paying by saying that this was a mistake by air traffic controllers in the airport.
Passengers were placed in another aircraft in less than an hour, they have no right to compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you and your dreams of compensation.
Welcome to the British Airways flight that takes the English ISIS to Syria, not true as you say.
Happy Travel
Last Sunday in Paris, the Franksburg street: a large part of the Marsh was pigeonist, and literally clubbed together.
People do not come en masse for the quality of restaurants (most of them), or for the Salon of the magazine at the Blancs-Manteto space (hyper-intellectual and slightly dusty).
The reason for this crowd is that the shops are all open and the neighborhood is incredibly alive and alive.
With many foreigners who spend.....
Do you believe that the opening of Sunday will create jobs?
Go from Paris Rue of Bourgeois, where shops were opened up the Sunday, the world burst 50% of tourists.
@ aloes Fu!
The only argument that seems to me to be admissible is that of areas receiving a large number of foreign tourists, and it is nuanced by the fact that they are buying tax deductions.
The tourist areas lose a considerable volume of turnover each year for the same reasons.
There remains the industry where expensive equipment, exploited on the Sunday, will allow prices to be reduced.
Dedical rest is a right for which employees, except for exceptions, benefit.
That is why it is provided for and regulated by the labour code.
Neither the Minister for the Economy or, indeed, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, have any powers to reform the labour code.
So they are wrapping it.
The law serves the purpose.
To satisfy some of the population and businesses that want to work on the Sunday.
In Montreal on Sunday, I take my small children to the municipal library.
In my Villes of 30,000, where I live in France the biblio city is open 4 days a week, but not the wit!
That is access to culture...
It is also the task of regulating working time.
The lifestyle that he tenaciously defended against fascism
The lifestyle he has tenaciously defended against fascism and Bolshevism
And if his daughter ’ s succession were, against his wishes, to be used to pay the costs of succession?
There are paints.
Some of them are, of course, some terrible ones.
Perhaps his succession would like his share of the cake, if you will use the expression.
His preference for a victory for the nationalists / Franco in the Spanish civil war...
And his hostility to the independence of places such as Ireland and India and its Fascist ideas as a whole also add its well-known hatred of Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Nor do I.
For five years, however, and only for five years, it was perfect.
In 1940, he stood up to the government ’ s other arrisos who wanted to discuss a “deal ” with the Nazis, and it won a very skilful way.
Thanks to his magnificent rhetoric and his energy, he united the country in the idea that fighting Fascists was the only way to win.
The people of the United Kingdom, and France, and Belgium, and ultimately the whole world, can thank Churchill at the helm for the last five years, just over the last five years.
Churchill ’ s greatness has nothing to do with this discussion.
Whether its descendants sell paints on the free market to collect money from succession costs, they could even make a profit.
If the public wants to be able to admire one in a museum, let them get the money to buy it.
It is as simple as that.
But we could use tax money.
No one can deny that, when it was “the moment of truth, ” Churchill ’ s personality was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War.
A relaunch of the internal market through public works will only promote large companies, which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring, as infrastructure yards are by definition not renewable.
As for the social reforms recommended by the Minister, they reflect the true Française: if there is mistrust of the dialogue, there is mistrust of dialogue.
Back to the princest values.
There is no contradiction between a reform of unemployment insurance.
That the weakest of us are not in need!
Either solidarity is behind us, or it has DRILO in exchange for the services it renders or has delivered to a minimum of resources.
The SM40H that I prefer to share in this vision is in line with that vision.
There is also the donor who lives on his property income.
The person who invests for a return at the time of his retirement and who lives with his or her rents should be differentiated.
A good to hire or even two for a couple is vice versa.
The small genius of Final is singularly lacking in imagination.
The new deal was a policy of major works, but at a time of major infrastructure deficiency.
Today, in Europe and France, this is not the case.
The developed countries are being shrouded.
The need for infrastructure is therefore marginal in no way a new deal could be a solution.
Especially at a time when the issue of degrowth is emerging in response to a recession that is, in other words, brutal decency.
You would have been right 30 years ago: more (or possibilities) of dams, coal mines, motorways...
But if we want to make the future climato-energy shock less ruined, then the need for investment is obvious: insulation, renovation of the rail network, urban transport, transport and storage of energy, etc.
Taxation that favours high income and ring-fencing.
Who is in power?
Obstoned by the smartphones.
Charles Arthur really is a galopin.
Samsung ’ s benefits are damaged by the iPhone 6 and its same range competitors.
The mid-September introduction by greater screenings for the iPhone 6 and 6 plus may have seated buyers who would otherwise have bought a Galaxy.
I have tested all these telephones and decided on LG G3.
So Samsung lost me as a customer, but not for Apple.
I believe it is essential for us to have an alternative.
When Microsoft established this philosophy, we experienced a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google, Apple, and the community.
We must have several dynamic platforms to stimulate competition and development.
In addition, we all have different needs and they cannot be satisfied by a single manufacturer because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their underlying philosophy and I appreciate the design.
Some people attach no value to the design, for them options, functionality and price are paramount.
There is nothing wrong with that.
Let us stop looking for 'a better platform'.
Is there “a better car manufacturer, ” not really, they are different, but similar.
I would like to see a flourishing portable industry, with radically different approaches for different people and markets.
This is healthier and must be encouraged.
That is in all our interests.
I am glad that you found exactly what you were looking for and that it is not an Apple product, even though I have made a different choice.
Most of the people I know have iPhones.
Our Ukrainian friends who, according to one of them, fought against ideas, not men (on the contrary, even in Paris Bobos) could tell us what (the) author is fighting gender ideas and telling us what works they intend to combat.
Or are they doing just the kind of sort described in the Figaro, Minuut or Valours Avoria?
Their sources are Judiith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Well, Jean, I love you, and you are an intelligent and cultured someone.
I said that on a Judicith in the Furusato vein, which was mentioned by Mr Holopherin, which was not my liveliness.
Otherwise, in the 'substance', since you refer it back, this subject does not interest me, and I truly do not see where the problem is: I had hoped that you and your amies could get me out of my arrears, because I am slow but I understand...
@ Jean: Do recognise that, culturally, I refer Judiith to Holopherne, that is the case.
Who is afraid of Monde?
But what is afraid of those who fear?
Furasto and @ we give answers.
The first refers to the Judiith of the Bible, the second to call Judiith Butler a highly symbolic gorge.
We can see how intimate these studies are at home.
We are, of course, no longer in the debate on the idea.
That is something else, much deeper.
Did you read, Jean, Jean, that the Monde published an article on the need for theology?
On the subject of an idea debate, I thought it was appropriate to go to the sources.
To try to fight ideas from the only exposé of their critics (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of Genre Theory or X Lacroie, theologian) does not seem to me to be very rigorous.
But good, as I explained to our Colombian friend, is the whole difference between having an enlightened opinion and a simple opinion.
I am not at all aware of the nuance.
I did not read Judiith, the very symbolic gorge of gorge, I confined myself to the 'Second sex' (that was more than my time), which I believe is the source of 'source' according to Lo's wishes.
As I watched the eclipse from Melbourne, I saw some red lights when the moon has briefly shown when the clouds have opened.
The sudden outbreak of the red moon had its charm and a little bit of disappointment that sometimes we had the view blocked by the clouds.
It was wonderful here at FNQ.
Yes, last night ’ s cloud really would serve the Victoria and NSW coast, while much of Australia ’ s rest had clear time.
A special Flash lone of blood.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey makes Labor responsible.
But if Labour accepts our unjust budget, we will give it its true colours as soon as possible.
Are you obsessed, not?
I was in Melbourne then, of course, I saw only clouds.
Melbourne has also managed to cover himself throughout the week of Perseican ’ s meteoric rainfall and almost all the astronomical astronomical phenomena of recent years.
I am beginning to think that there is a bad genie whose sole aim is to prevent the people of Melbourne from seeing anything from the sky.
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory, even if things improve greatly on the other side of the Coradilère.
There were periods of 10-20 minutes in which I could not see the eclipse because of the clouds over the suburbs of Melbourne.
I am going to put an TAXE on this eclipse.
QUICONIEU looks at this eclipse should pay a TAXE.
I bet that your first thought of the day is for Abbott, just as the last one before sinking.
Who, or what will you get, when he or she ends up missing?
You seem to spend a great deal of time reading discussions by looking for messages in which people criticise Abbott ’ s government and then accuse them of being obsessed with obscurity.
A photograph of the moon above the Bridge Bridge Bridge.
It looks like Mars is going to collide with the Earth!
There is nothing about stock and real-estate speculation.
There is nothing about the inequalities between income from labour and capital.
There is nothing about tax fraud.
ultraliberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing about Babylon's gardens...
The Rule says too much or not enough.
The details and arguments of these recommendations are not given.
There is no hypertext link to the original documents so that we can make an opinion.
Go to see on Tuesday 15 October the results of miracles: in Spain, exports have been down at the lowest possible level for five years.
In Greece, the stock market is collapsing.
However, these were the examples to be followed.
The reform of the notaries would lead to a request for compensation of the order of EUR 8 billion.
The Ministry of Economics tells us that these compensation claims are unfounded.
What about the Ministry of Economy's mistake?
Will policymakers have the same courage when it comes to presenting the bill to the state budget as a result of the bold attack on the notaries?
It will follow in its time.
Ok, thank you, JYL....
The country ’ s @ olol No vote is not comparable to households as far as management of its budget is concerned, because the time horizon of the state is theoretically infinite, while that of the household is confined to the life of its members.
Moreover, unless public spending is considered unproductive, they contribute to financing material and intangible investments in future growth and thus to future revenue.
There are a few points to answer.
This is a regrettable decision.
But remember the Hippocrates ’ s sacred oath: the health of the profits of the global pharmaceutical companies must be preserved first and foremost.
Total theory of conspiracy.
Unfortunately, the truth does not correspond to your fantasy.
Medical staff would like to use them, but they have the hands of the law as written by the policies.
This is the same situation as for the product that causes medical abortions rather than having risky surgery, the safe hoot rooms for drug addicts rather than having them on the streets, etc.
Politicians on these issues want to please the accused masses.
In fact, doctors do not earn money from medicines.
That is why there are pharmacists.
Doctors do not earn money from medicines, given that Liberals want our health system to resemble that of the United States, you should find out how it works.
Doctors throughout the world are courted in the same way, but it is more or less visible.
It may have been wrong to put the blame on Bbibians, but the reality is that many countries, including Australia, give priority to business profits and 'research'.
Read the few reports on our expenditure by Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and on negotiations with the pharmaceutical companies compared with other countries.
Comparing the world's prices for medicines everywhere, as well as the differences between countries on what is free or only on prescription.
This is strengthening a political and economic process, not a medical or scientific process, direct or indirect.
In fact, some companies are currently testing marijuana inhales against oncological pain, despite the laws that hold them back and the expensive permits needed.
Although manufacturers of certain medicinal products may not be happy with the use of alternatives such as marijuana, those who reach a version of good quality products to known doses will largely benefit.
Sorry to tell you this, but you are wrong, there is a lot of things going on behind the scenes for doctors and pharmacies.
As far as that hospital is concerned, they were happy to use it until someone put it on the floor of a hospital official.
DETENIR cannot be patents on grass...
If “researchers ” in social science were making research instead of politics and networking, one could be used for their“ work. ”
An investigative researcher, he does not compare one fact to another.
Comparing it is not looking for.
Comparing this is to do with the teaching not of research.
We cannot say ‘ research is being done ’, it must be applied, and then in the same jet ‘ we have to experiment with everything ’.
If your research is successful, why experimentation?
If your research is not successful, why do you ask you to apply them?
Can anyone explain to me how a “researcher ” can infer that a pupil who cannot equate mathematics alone could easily assimilate mathematics and other matters?
New technologies make it possible to learn whether pupils learn to use new technologies, but how they can learn the new technologies if they do not know?
The Tisa tests are just an indicator for us to be able to find indicators that are satisfactory to us.
What is the point of building an indicator that informs you of what suits you, a desire for self-promotion, a deception?
A single avenue to train teachers: alienating the fallacies and ideologists from training and practising practitioners with practitioners.
To make the paragraph on traineeships (which unfortunately is not very argued), and you will see that your conclusion leads us to the most inefficient conservatism: ‘ It is a mechanism that leads above all to the reproduction of the practices in force and does not allow the system to be taken forward ’.
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system, one cannot hope that only practitioners teach practitioners, even if they have their full place in modern teachers ’ training.
Education theorists must have no place.
The practitioners must have one.
Would you want to be operated by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and which has never set foot in a opera bloc before?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems of the education system.
To give education theorists more weight would be to destroy it once and for all.
Your analogy is completely foolish: if I would not like to be operated by a practitioner who has only a theoretical training, I would still like to make less use of a surgeon who has no theoretical training and who has learned on the tall.
Mike Weathley, the conservative deputy responsible for fighting copyright violation by David Cameron
Why does he not say quite simply to Cameron to stop?
Somebody should make popular arrest.
Thank you very much.
If one day I feel guilty to violate copyright, I will have to read an article such as this one.
In an information economy, the violation of copyright is theft.
It is the same as they have to quote their sources properly.
Often, obtaining a licence does not cost anything.
No, it is a violation of copyright.
Not the same thing.
By using content without the right licence, you are depriving artists of their livelihood.
You can always debate educational hypotheses - but it is theft.
And you can repeat it as much as you like, but it will not be true.
That is a violation of copyright.
Come on, repeat it again.
If one day I feel guilty to violate copyright?
Obviously it does not bother you to deprive artists of their income.
If they think that they should receive money for images used in school duties, a almost perfect definition of what sensible use should be, then I am happy to deprive them of this shadow income.
Lesslesson No 1 should be to show how, if children themselves create anything and publish it on their favourite social networks, they abandon all intellectual property at the site under the general conditions they have passed from a click.
Perhaps if they share the headphones with a Cain p3 with a copier on the school bus, they should be expelled for breaching the law in such a way.
Ah if we could export this resource for which we are full of, the Raster who says that everything is wrong....
If it is a Socialist Member who says so, then we must believe it.
I have two children and when they are of a choice, I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed by then.
France is pulling people down by continually assisting them.
I do not want my children to bear the debt that this policy has created.
What is pulling France down is speeches like yours.
I have always been working in private enterprise for a long time.
I have had CHACE working in companies run by excellent business leaders: it exists in France, but it is rare.
I am a salary because I know that I do not have the competence to lead a business, and that choice allows me to take a heavy look at the nuils that I frequently meet.
In my baskettes, I fully agree with Jean-Pierre Bernajzan ’ s post: he says the horrible truth!
If one compares with German companies that French companies that French entrepreneurs constantly mention to ask for reforms in France, companies in Germany have been able to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive, especially by ensuring the link between large companies and small and medium-sized enterprises, then what are the French bosses waiting for them to do so???
Let the state hold its hands?
The State that they accuse of imperial rule?
@ Jacques L.
Alternatively, you have the anti heads of enterprise!
Remember, what have you created as employment, as added value, to be so harsh?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In fact, France faces an insoluble problem: the incompetence of French entrepreneurs who are unable to create jobs and buckle and minus pending the permanent state assistant!
That is terrible!
But they have solutions: abolishing the Labor Code, employers' taxes, taxes, working 45h / week paid 35, and some, walking on eggs, daring to call for lower wages, if not abolishing them!
I look forward to all the ‘ negative ’ comments on this subject.
This is ironic, given the way in which people always complain about the First Group.
As I see from where I am, Last has not really been an investment for us taxpayers.
They tried to keep afloat rather than turn.
That does not mean that the Scottish railways have not improved since Last is involved.
But they had also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
Unfortunately, we do not have the power to do that, unfortunately.
I tried to have them recently, but I did not succeed.
But good, Labour will tear us out, is it not...
It is an international subsidiary.
They are already operating trains in Germany.
There is nothing to prevent people in the UK from creating a more moral enterprise and taking part in invitations to tender.
But it seems that we are not very good management, most of our privatized services end up being managed by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and criticism when First won the Virgin contract, all for the decision finally to be cancelled.
And there is better: MTR, a Hong Kong company won the cross-rail contract for eight years.
Well, Labour, as they told us during the referendum campaign, is fully in favour of pooling and sharing and believes that workers must all help each other across borders.
It can therefore be assumed that they will be happy with this decision.)
It is perhaps because the management of the Dutch is on the right track while that of the British is not.
What Sco-Rail needs is not just a change of owner but, above all, new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the least bad choice possible, but the real problem is the ridiculous franchise system, not the crossing.
'It was a beating girl '.
I was haunting, but really I hate this kind of expression.
Assuming that being 'beating' is a higher quality than many others, others' concern, intelligence, listening, for example, has nothing to do with that of surviving a disease: 'battery cancer' cancers, which are no less important. dead, I know of palanes.
Focusing on a disease has nothing to do with merit.
Go on as well as we are going to do.
I say to you that it is LA condition for the geriard, and I say to you that FDI.
Nothing has been done with any merit...
When you look at your life, you have only you to judge them.
I repeat.
Including, if only for a moment, that we can have merit to emerge from a disease or that it may be worth not getting out of it, is simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
A body that is cowardly, despite the will, despite the confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Navigated to think otherwise, if there is no doubt that it will make it easier to accept heavy treatment and prepare for it, to try and find experimental treatments as this woman did and not to refuse them out of fear.
Someone who is fighting in medicine is, above all, someone who trusts in medicine.
But if we prefer to rely on the 'lord', it is something else.
Not with merit or with courage.
These considerations are typical of moralists.
When you catch a salt, a real, you get you to the point of becoming a zombie.
I myself have caught two of them, heiners, large ones, and if I have 'beaten' as they say psychologists say, it has completely escaped me.
Unless this fight is only to shake off, to suffer hell and to burn down.
I believed that the accusation against Milosevic was decided and finalised a decade ago.
I have not seen that name in the newspapers since at least that time.
What is happening?
It is an anniversary.
A forgotten birthday.
His trial was conducted “quickly ” and then swept under the carpet.
Is that the story that was told then?
The Communist Communist who unleashed three wars in the Balkans over the last decade?
The Communist President of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please ask what we have deliberately left out: 1.
How could NATO's bombardments be legal under international law under the LA MOINDRR?
Which country did Serbia attack?
With regard to RDRs (Radio Television-Serbia), why do you not mention that NATO destroyed the same building by killing civilians, then considered it a valid target.
Milosevic had no way out: if he did not defend his country against NATO attacks, it would be crucified as a traitor.
And if he defended him, he would be swayed by the Western steamroller.
Westerners used a smokescreen to detach part of a sovereign state which then unilaterally proclaimed independence and was almost recognised by the Western states who then lied to the end of the situation on the ground.
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared (ethnic cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, died politically after his first term of office for failing to understand the situation that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the political world at the time.
Ultimately, the Guardian should not call Milosevic a tyrant (though we do not love it).
To my knowledge, only in Greece is a method of predicting earthquakes around the corner by measuring the pizoelectric level in the Quartet.
This kind of study is undoubtedly useful, and thank you for sharing it with us.
So there is hope, but caution has nothing to do with that of the Ooplanet named HAT-P-11b, located around 124 light years from the Earth in the Constellation Cynus constellation that would be “the smallest and cold-blooded planet. ” Depending water molecules, according to a study carried out by the Drake Ding and Jonathan Fraine team of Maryland University ’ s University.
So a Methode to follow.
The same applies to those that involve animals sensing a threat.
Thank you for that as a scientist who often regenerates the experimental prowess that is being carried out in the world.
How can animals be saved (in advance)?
There is no doubt that the perception of other factors is changing in the event of an earthquake.
Like the don ’ s radon, for example.
A priori an priori odourless gas for the man, but perhaps a deceit from the animals.
All these methods are inescapable for humans, but not for the measuring instruments at their disposal.
We do not have reliable results on these paths...
It has been observed repeatedly (and for centuries) that some animals are acting in a strange way a few hours with an earthquake, particularly the hens, cows, dogs, but especially fish and snakes.
I saw a report on the basis of the struggle of two scientific teams, the other Japanese, to recognise the validity of their work, which related to the sensitivity of animals to the terrestrial magnetic fields, and in particular to their change before seismic.
Well, I am not a scientist, but their hypotheses have convinced me!
Or are we looking at this research?
Why disdain for this course of action?
We should learn to listen to nature...
If we look at things calmly and rigorously, we publish it in a serious review, and nobody misses it.
As soon as we talk about the “signs ” of animals, we come up against the same thing: everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the red fish turned around in circles.
I do not understand why Boris would be a good leader for the Conservatives.
He has done too much as Mayor of London.
When you listen to the LBC programme one cannot help but think that this man knows nothing and is always trying to diversion with a joke.
It never responds directly to anything.
He also said that he agreed with Farage, and then Nick Ferrari asked him what.
He could not name a single point.
He has made so many promises to get himself elected as mayor, and he has not kept him.
It only underlines the extent to which the rest of the Conservative Party is a mass of merchants, no?
Because he is popular.
Because it is funny.
He was in Hve I Got, either.
Because it is a celebrity and people have been charged with the worship of celebrities.
The Londoners voted for him and the same will apply to the rest of the country.
When (and not if) he takes the party ’ s leadership, Tories ’ s popularity ratings will restore the ceiling.
May God help us.
I am not so sure: people like the jokes, but they do not want their Prime Minister to be one of them.
That is exactly what was said about Londoners.
He should have brought with him his friend the sponsor, smarter than him.
In many ways, I think he is trying to copy R Branson.
The Americans have had one of them.
The French have been truly and truly disinterested in the history of the Pacific War.
For all those who have taken the trouble to read some books (there is there, including one French and excellent of B.
Milbatons, the Solomon and the scrap Straits speak, unfortunately as well as the dead who stayed there.
It is understandable that Australians, who know (one of their heavy crusers, Australia, always have to be content with them since the battle of Savo), did not want to return.
We did it before the Il de Savo, in the 'Iron Bottom Sound'.
Even if the mission is coming to an end.
It is the small.
But coolo is a total smokescreen.
Calculate the kerozene to achieve the objective is a complete credibility of the credibility of the concept.
One only has to go through the list of sponsors, rather than from philanthropists.
A com operation neither has done nor has done or has done.
Cows are too envy!!!
I look forward to the twin-track!
You can see me over a little while identifying me a little in passing (I also learned from the Crocos from the Elorn to Brest Best ’ s Mude de Brrest!).
Happwater, too, for the ecological message, if some criticise the impact of investment.
The end justifies the means.
Keep us over and show that the Bretons are big travellers!
Pierre, Triniad and Tobago.
Good evening, I think that the red boy that demonstrated against taxes is happy to know that this trip was sponsored by the Brittany region and the Villes de Brrest.
More seriously, it seems to me that local authorities and public bodies of any kind should not devote a penny of our taxes to financing the dreams of a few even as sympathetic adventurers - there!
Are there players in the current Serbian training of Kosovan origin?
I know that Dusan Bajevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic, once in Juventus and now in the Feerbhçe, are Mitrovica, but I do not know whether they are still in the team.
It is Bisevac's defender of Lyon, not Bajevic.
Bajevic was middle ground or before in the 1970s and 1980s and led many teams in Greece, but I do not know where he is.
Bajevic is Mostar, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and played as an attack on the great team in Velz who, under the tutelage of the legendary Suleman Rec, ended twice in the Yugoslav league (and also counted points like Vahid HArlhodzic and the faithful equiiser of Arsene Wenger, Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what happened to Krasic?
It was said that he was going to become a great player when he was at the Juve, he is currently in Turkey, but the last time he appeared on my radar screen he was linked to Blackburn, which is not in the roof.
Here, I cannot help you.
I know he lost his place when Conte arrived, and then he went to the Pener and as far as I know he was not a holder.
Perhaps he can still do something, perhaps in the Indian Super League?
Seriously, Serbia.
Strictly speaking, Albania is not afraid.
You should love Albania because you are neighbours.
The rub is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of the real Albania today.
It was apparently the flag of the Greater Albania, which encompasses all the regions where there is an important Albanian presence.
A bit of excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, there has not been too much damage (as far as I know).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the map not of what is known as the Greater Albania, but of Albania before 1913, when the great European powers decided to give their country's neighbours the country of neighbouring countries.
How can we have felt 'an explosion of joy' by seeing two rounds collapsing in the knowledge that women, men and children of children are inside?
How?
What bothers me a little in this' testimony 'is that the fact that, even once, he was able to rejoice spontaneously for the horrific death of thousands of people, testifies, in my view, to a man' line-line 'whose testimony should be taken with the greatest circumstance. Let us look at it.
Perhaps in the short time of 'joy', we will not have thought of the dead or the reality of the horror meted out.
One has just thought, for once, that for once Muslims had managed to do truly and apocalyptically bad for the great Satan in its very heart.
To be a powerful kitchch.
It is grandiose.
It would seem that this sentiment has been shared by thousands of Muslims who have been subjected to their sense of humiliation.
With filmed testimonies in Palestine.
Schadenfreude.
There was some doubt about it.
The Christian / white West / Gaulaws cannot measure the degree of frankness, anger, hatred of the musuman when he conforms to misery, the social and cultural underdevelopment of the Muslim Arab-Muslim world of <unk> today.
I am talking about the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers, not the towers of Dubai.
The past, certainly a magnified one, is not consolation, on the contrary.
How can we get the Muslim world out of this diabolical funeral?
Totally, two major poisons irritate the Arab world: bigoted conservatism of existing powers and fascist nihilism.
The common point, the freezing of thought and communication (freshness or communication) of his critical expression.
It should not be understood before, that Muslims should not shrink back.
That is the only way.
Has Edward Plenel read this article?
I suppose that is true in many countries.
In Britain, however, the autumn marks the beginning of six long dark, wetlands and depressing months that affect the well-being and mood of many people.
Moreover, everyone is falling ill.
Problems are seasonal.
I have suffered from this myself.
When the light goes, it becomes the hell for me and for those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a little for mood and welfare.
The autumn is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The particular campaign is taking place in the autumn.
Not as much to pull the breath as the green green when everything is living instead of being on the point of dying.
In Britain, if you are lucky, the summer falls a weekend.
We have had a good summer this year, do not make your grinding pot in which there are clichés!
Not everyone.
I rarely fall ill in winter.
But now I am retiring and I am not going to develop any more immunity for the germs of the outside, which I suppose can change, I suppose.
It is not about dying, it is just a stage in a cycle...
It is a marvellous step full of bogus smell with festivities like Hloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, and other wonderful words.
We only need to stop doing things!
Those are my recommendations for you for you.
Yes, these dark and grey months actually make me much happier and more relaxed.
For the tax burden for children to be taxed, the amount paid by the state mainly originated from the 8- to 10.
But when it comes to the number of households that have had their taxes increased due to this measure, it is mainly those 4 and 5 that are affected (a median income) according to graph 2.
The half-way deletion, especially in relation to widows, is not dealt with at all in the article or rather with its impact being overstated: 230M is a joke that does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is indolent.
And it is not prepared to get on with it.
Well, it is not about the straw, it is about swelling.
For once the PS makes a rather left-wing policy.
It is clear that those who belong to the richest 20% have to bear far more than 75% of the tax increase, why not 90%?
Let us continue to do so, and you will encourage this 20% to work less or to leave.
Well, I know that is not politically correct, but I say it all the same.
Long live the Trots and the OCI recycled to the PS: they understood everything.
Adam, you do not see what you are looking at.
The proportion is still the same, here or in Bahrain: 20% of the population has 80% of the wealth.
A fair tax is when it prohibits anyone from amassing as much as he can.
Beyond a certain limit, the value of money loses its usefulness.
Once the value of money is exceeded, money is only used to make money, that is, to say to make the greatest number of people misfortune.
One of the 20% is one of the richest.
There is no doubt that 20% of households that work most (and create wealth, some of which are logically redistributed).
A fair tax must allow these households to make use of part of their efforts.
Alternatively, at the same time, we should lower our arms and live in minimum social conditions, especially if we have social housing.
Fortunately, the utopies of warheads at the Khmer Rouge have lived.
I made two Airlines to Norway recently.
There are no problems.
In one of the two, we have had things that we would not have had in a 50-star hotel, and we have not had to come to the reception or face the slightest trace.
You only need to go home, to sleep, to stand behind and to go back.
From now on, this will be my first option when I travel.
The logo has changed, people...
Come on your assurance before commenting on your house.
In most cases, you will need a kind of owner insurance.
Make sure that you use a service with the right logo!
Ah, 6.too late.
I love Airbnb.
‘ It is very dangerous and highly risky ’, ‘ No ’.
You have just lacked luck.
According to the link in the article:
In its discharge, Airbnb's response to Teman was quick, almost absurd.
Within 24 hours, according to an e-mail provided to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb had sent a needle to change the serrings, made arrangements for it to spend one week at the hotel and transfer $23 817 (for which Airbnb is insured, but it did so). Be that as it may, it is.
So why does this article quote Teman who complains that he received no support from Airbnb?
DORE AIRBNB, to receive as it does to travel
Good morning I am looking for people who have already used bounb just to reassure me.
I am planning to pay a quick payment and a month's rent, but I am a little afraid of sending £1600 to a site which I have never really heard of.
But where do we go from here?
“Supporting the troops, ” singing the Bu ’ s hang over all of them.
That is why it is harmless.
I am sure that it will please the families and relatives of the thousands of Kurds who died in Halabja to learn that their parents and friends succumbed to anything other than the chemical bombardment of Sadin Sadin.
Unless the content of the article has been radically changed by the author, your comment is inaproperty (to remain polite).
Moreover, how would this mass crime committed in 1988 prove that the chemical weapons discovered almost 20 years later were still usable?
It is not hyper hype: ‘ looking for weapons of mass destruction.
There is a great deal of agreement.
You believe that this is the time to weaken the army in order to strengthen education.
This is never the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war.
Alternatively: is it the case that TOUJOURS is the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war?
A great deal of education would already be done if they were to be ‘ them ’ to work 35-hour hours instead of 17.
At present, our teachers are earning more than engineers.
And let us not believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week preparing their programme.
But that cannot be seen, since National Education does not have the means to provide a college / school office with its pros, so they are singing home.
In short, a kind of forced teleworking, except that the employer pays neither the computer, nor the Internet connection or supplies.
Indeed, it is so much the planting at 17.00 a week and four months of holiday that we are not able to fill the Bad ’ s CAPS, you are waiting for you.
How do you not want to cook off poorly educated chiards whose parents are crying over you and dealing with them?
I believe that the priority in this area is to disarm jihadis so that the khuru population can flourish better.
Where we see that the Bush administration has made absolutely everything wrong.
My first qualified job was in the sale, in London, to three times nothing and it was a post for which a diploma had to be graduated.
A year later, I saw an announcement to be working for the London metro, which was paid £5 000 more per year and was not even asked for a patent.
I have never regretted that.
In this respect, don't worry if you do not find a graduate job, try to find something or pay good, or you like to do it.
If I had stayed to qualified jobs, I would still have to pay my student loan.
I do not like business work so much, so I hope in the end either to the civil service or to the academic world.
LOL LOL LOL LOL really is late!
Exactly, when I obtained my qualification in 2011, there was already a three-year backlog.
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates?
To get rid of the bisouths as art / letters / theatre / theatre / political science / political science, that is to say, the so-called diplomas of unemployed people.
I have one of these diplomas and I have finished production.
It turned out that the important thing was not a diploma but, as the article says, a good professional career, starting in school and throughout the university.
Of course, the initial wage was lower, but we rapidly climb the ladder because, in the real world, what counts is the results more than knowledge.
This debate on artistic engineering has been going on for years.
Scientists cannot solve all the problems, it is more important to be able to get up the morning, to get to work time and to interact with people in order to achieve results.
Letters, philosophy and art are 'isn' s'?
That is ridiculous.
I assume that you are talking about degrees study of the media or whatever else you have left.
Letters, philosophy, political science, and art are real sectors.
We need people who can explain the big issues to school students, who understand the importance of culture bases such as literature, art and so on.
It would not be better to have a genuine territorial policy for freeing Paris and to revitalise the rest of France?
Personally, I find it hard to see the people of the seamen of the Essonne and the Val-d of Oise making 80km allergies every day in order to come to work in Paris.
Intra-mongers and small belts already have many more common means of transport (metro, buses, trams).
A number of secure and closed parks, as already exists in the cities of northern Europe, in Dijon or Lyon, will be installed on the sails.
Good idea.
On the surface, space is cannibalized by RRM.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the City of Paris will work with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark.
So much benefit from their big experience in this area.
Well, there has been no room for UN SUL as a bicycle cup.
The motivation seems stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanne ….
Well, that is not right at all.
When discussing with pedestrians and other transport users the reasons why they do not peddle, it seems to me that the main reasons for them are: 1 / c is hyper-dangerous with all these laggards, these trucks, these scooters, these scooters, and they ride roughshod over them. The survival of bicycles and bicycles in my head, for me, are going to go unheeded; we need to reduce car traffic (urban congestion charge), reduce speed (Paris equals zone 30), enforce the road code systematically (even the winds) (even the winds) (even the winds. Bymol predicts that it is necessary to adapt the code of the road written for a 100 years ago to bicycles), to generalise the buffer zones after the seated passages, not before any if not bagnole or scooters.
bicycle paths are apartheid, we have to live together, but we must rebalance the occupation of urban areas.
Nothing on the bicycle in the great Paris?
Not a word about the place of bicycles in public transport?
EELV is right.
The target of 15% of velo deplacements is ridiculous.
I am beginning to believe that Anne Hidalgo has ruined the Greens in the meal.
Indeed, some EELV addendum appears to be skeptical of EELV ’ s.
I am taking an optimistic view.
Before the racket begins, it would be better to find who really hides behind this massacre.
Indigenous: it is not Russia.
It is not sure to love the way in which the world develops.
It sounds horrible.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has expressed his intention to refer the matter to the ECHR, but I have not heard that a complaint has indeed been lodged.
In addition, they should submit complaints first in Germany or Ukraine.
I also expect these cases to be postponed until the result of the investigation report on the accident and the criminal investigation that would ensue.
Originally, Libya did not blow up Pan Am 103 either.
Malaysia Airlines is not wrong, it is the responsibility of the Aviation Safety Authority, in this case the Ukrainian Government.
Was the accident predictable?
Other aircraft had been killed previously, Ukraine launched air attacks on the rebels and, of course, any aeroplane could be regarded as a possible and immediate threat.
Has the Ukrainian Government taken sensible precautions in view of an obvious threat or has it chosen to play with the lives of innocent people so that airlines can pay for overflight rights?
Where are all the pro-Kiev trolls that defend their usurpant / ultra-nationalist government in Western Ukraine – and who really want to demonstrate that Putin has killed MH17 on MH17.
As far as I know, there is already a complaint against the government in Kiev because they are responsible for what is happening in their skies.
The precedent was a 1986 judgment of the International Court of Justice, which concluded that the CIA's supply of arms to the rebel forces of Nicaragua did not mean that the United States was responsible for their actions.
No chance of Russia leaving this case to the ICJ.
It is funny to think that Abbott wants to say to Putin that Australians have been murdered by rebels supported by Russia.
I hope that he can present evidence to support his allegations.
So far, the investigators have not said anything like this.
To call Ricardo and to be such a gootian Béotian is distressing!
To call Polar is lost is rejoicing.
A single Bootian questionnaire: is today's poor being poorer than the poor of yesterday?
I can only point out that those who are most critical of Piketty's book have not read it!
It is easy to read, I took a few days.
It shows the statistical development of restitution, resale capital, unequal concentration, inequality of labour income and the ownership of capital, credit and inheritance in the term.
It shows that today's concentration of today's capital is in line with that of the beginning of the 20 before 1914, it shows that it was the two world wars that reduced the concentration of capital, from 1914 to 1945, and then how concentration takes up after...
Bernajzan: you are not dining up to what.
I would ask you how long it has taken you to read this paved, bearing in mind that an individual's capacity for concentration has a few limits.
Secondly, the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is whether the summary of the central thesis given by the press is right or wrong.
If it is right, we can debate it without having read the book whose main purpose is to make a one-size-fits-all argument for it.
No, it is easy to read...
Bernajzan: how long have you taken it?
Is the central thesis of its paved summed up by the press?
I have not read and will not read it.
I am therefore relying on the summary of his central thesis, and it is this one which seems to me to be purely a smokescreen.
The notion of the gap between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Has humanity not generally enriched itself?
And this added value added to an increase in the population is the real political issue today.
Malala Yousazai is an impressive figure and deserves no doubt.
But remember that it is only 17 years old.
An age with which most people are just beginning to find their place in the world.
I hope that this price will not be a burden on the young girl and that she will find her way to a happy life.
The problem is not the price, but the political capital of Western governments who want to prove the old adage that the perverts are the embodiment of evil.
I wish it all the best in Malala, but it must realise that it is being used and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the working-class districts in Great Britain!
Someone thought his speech was a little strange.
She thanked her father for giving her a great deal of freedom, but he mentioned that, if she were not where she is now, she would have been married to 14 years.
Does Malala itself not form part of these “perverted colourings? ”
You should not have any 'antenna time' on that site.
You yourself are a terrible perverse.
That is absolutely appalling.
No, his father was not going to marry it to 14 years.
She was 15 years old when she was fired.
His father heads a school where girls are school and he is in favour of equal rights for women.
It is, and has always been, in order for it to receive a higher education and for it to have the right to decide on its marriage itself.
But he is someone who is unusual in Pakistan, because he believes that women are equal to men.
What she said is that an average Pakistani girl often has to marry at 14, without having a say.
I am sorry that she has not expressed it sufficiently eloquently for you.
It may seem contradictory, but perhaps she would say that if her father had not given him freedom, she would have been married at 14 years of age.
Rather than this season ’ s 4 entry into season and especially from Jessica Lange, which clearly finds it difficult to find her Ssoy Dietrich character.
I have just looked at the two modern seasons that are quite different, but I have to admit that this is one of the best horror series, one of the most successful.
A fascinating first episode.
The achievement is close to perfection, and Jessica Lange ’ s Show sing the anachronistic Life on Mars is simply overturning.
I have not yet looked at this new season (which will be the last for me without Lange).
In the case of American Horror Story, I would have preferred to have seen 13 episodes of 3-4 months.
But one thing is on, outside the extraordinary Jessica Lange, that is above all the scare-mongering and the mountains that I see.
In AHS, we have an avalanche of original plans that makes no laughing stock of today ’ s assimilation of today ’ s production.
It is quite clear to me that you are throwing up the clock for the next season without even waiting to be able to gauge quality.
Jessica Lange is certainly a pillar of this series, but, as you so rightly say, there are many other things.
It is quite simply that for me Jessica Lange (and, above all, her way and the way she uses it), really is the pillars of the series outside the technical qualities.
And good bash is a great deal for her.
Then I find that the series of reports, in writing, wants to do too much at the same time.
The 3 was slightly below, in the 2 that was too scattered, despite some excellent episodes.
I see them not to make 10 seasons of American Horror Story or to end up like 24 hours chronically.
But everyone will do what they want to do!
It is with what I say ‘ I shall no longer look at ’ that everyone is obliged to do the same!
I simply share my point of view, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, JE believes it will be fatal.
But after that, that is just my opinion.
Let us talk less about tax increases, please - let us look rather at state spending.
No, let us increase spending please.
Those who wanted to sabotage the expenditure failed.
Cleasing polemics about relatively small items of expenditure, such as development aid
The problem is that it is less than the margin of error in government spending in the UK.
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than about the change of direction that voters seem to want, and during all that time some, on both sides, pretend that these nuances are far more important and substantial than they are – and voters see in their game and find them. bad faith.
Less than 1% of expenditure.
“debt ” is assets held mainly by financial institutions in that country.
The “debt ” is nothing to worry about.
I would see no problem in the government approaching a third of my income (even before talking about consumer taxes) if I thought it would use it properly.
But that is not the case, and many taxpayers have the same feeling.
It is said that Nigel Farage was not quite honest about how to cut taxes, but good, if you add our net contribution to the EU, development aid, High Spained 2, subsidies for roughly useless wind turbines and nuclear power plants that cost twice as much as they do. You should arrive at a figure that makes Labour and Lub-Dem tax quite ridiculous on the most lucrative homes.
Your first GBP 10 000 is not taxable.
This means that someone who earns £35 000 per year will pay around £5 000 (one seventh of their salary), someone with £50 000 would pay around £10,000 (one-fifth), and someone with £200 000 would pay around £70 000 (just over a third).
And social security contributions?
The more social contributions, the more local taxes, the more the car parking costs and the car sticker, and it is before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is taken from the source before local taxes and the car sticker.
I am paid in a decent way, but not in an extravagant way.
Not that this is a problem, of course, I am happy to pay my taxes.
But let us not pretend that money falls from the sky, or that it is not important to know where billions of pounds of tax pounds spend.
How can an unemployed person seeking work prove that?
Even so, 20% of the unemployed would not want to seek and find 80% of the unemployed.
As I myself am unemployed, do I have more interest in what others are seeking or not?
Whether a potential recruiter gets 10 or 20 CVs, that bodes well for my chances.
Indeed, I have not had any news from Pole Employment for months, that means that the agents are more busy monitoring operations than really getting announcements of employment back home?
I do not see the interest.
Because it is not up to the state to deliver work.
If Pole Employment does not provide enough jobs, then we must do without Pole Employment.
What is a sensitive issue?
We all have rights and duties, in this case ensuring that the unemployed fulfil their duties in return for their rights.
Just as a controller calls for their transport title to users of a transport medium, a Head of Service or the employees of them for their work, etc.
No one is shouting at the scandal in these cases, not?
It is indeed good to remember that the unemployed have rights: the only two times when I had to deal with Pole Employment, my ARE rights had been poorly established, and on one of the dossiers, amputated by 40%, it was necessary to fight hard.
It takes time!
I am not an expert in law.
Trust and control are taking hold at the moment, while stature Pole Employment is close to being, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the subject of compensation should only apply to employees, it is they who pay the consecutive areas.
Politicians and French politicians have rights that they have not in fact!
That is not normal.
I would add that worthy unemployment insurance contributes to the enhancement of paid work.
More than just waiting for murderous tweets in Arabic...
In fact, there must be a direct military response in Iraq / Syria, which will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this conflict zone.
The situation would then resemble the spread of black plague in 1348 / 9 in connection with war and population movements at the time.
The Saudis had the spirit of banning Hadj this year in Mecca to Muslim pilgrims from the three affected countries.
El Pwas reports that 7 400 have been refused visa applications because of their country of origin or their recent travel.
In fact, there was the case of a pilgrim in Bosnia who contracted the variole to Mecca during the Hadj in the 1980 ’ s, probably contaminated by a pilgrim in Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope that the rest of the world will have the same presence.
Is it to be my heart to propose preventing Ebola sufferers from taking a plane for Europe?
I thought it was simple sense, but apparently those 'who know' have decided that we can risk the lives of tens of thousands of people...
These West African countries where Ebola is out of control should be strictly quarantined.
No one is out of it.
Only health workers can enter.
21 days of waiting after dealing with patients before they can go.
If they contract Ebola while they are there, they remain there until they are healed.
These are not draconian measures.
Last week alone, people were contaminated after having had contact with people in West Africa even though they had taken 'all the necessary precautions'.
The progress of this disease can be stopped.
It spreads mainly by airlines.
Let us stop offering them to fly to these countries.
Moreover, customs officers at airports should be trained to spot the typical symptoms of Ebola, so that they can be put in quarantine immediately.
Whether he can get the message from the first person and from the group (including religious) is second and he has earned the Nobel Peace Prize.
I doubt whether he will be able to erect as dogma the image of God characterised by the total cortex of the planet in operation.
It is still a long way from that view.
It has only been 20 years since the information came to be seen as the given premium for humanity, while religion, which came out of the cervellet, is leading our actions since Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming the umpteenth Protestant church?
For those who have not noticed, Catholicism is largely minority in France today, no one is forced to join.
Whoever criticizes the Church in any way would see the small number of Protestants in France in any case.
What is the next step, we are removing the concept of sin, which is too 'anxiety'?
@ lean: Sorry the church does not have a limited vision of France.
And, throughout the world, this will enable us to reach more people...
@ Martine E, to be honest (as usual) respect for others as you envisaged it to be at the helm.
Hillel a century before he said: 'don't do to others what you do not want to do, that is the Torah as a whole, and the rest is only comment: go and study!'
Christianity goes far beyond simply reciprocity, but introduces the agapse.
Your 'progress towards justice, peace and fraternity', but without God?
It is a return to Communism?
The next step is to remove the embodiment of incarnation and resurrection.
Jesus will remain the hero that overturned moral laws by redefining respect for others.
Christians will then be ready to play their part in the ethical debates of our societies and bring justice, peace and fraternity.
Not very Catholic?
I think I remember that the small number of Protestants in France is mainly due to the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and forced into immigration a few centuries ago.
I hesitate to buy that, the new relationship, or Wasteland 2.
And the new Elite game will soon emerge.
That is not the way to do things.
Personally, I would like to choose Soves.
I like Wasteland 2 (I even participated in his fund campaign), but I do not think that there is 30 £30.
If you are interested in the PC version of which you are interested, Green Man Man Ging currently sells SM to 30 and also proposes a good 20% reduction.
Green Man Gaming currently sells SM to £30 and also proposes a 20% reduction.
I am going to look at it.
Obviously not work.
The hardships in the computer department are blocking all sites.
Good morning, is it £30 and 20% reduction, or does the 30 include the 20% reduction?
Let us be careful, however: the PC version is only for DX11.
It surprises me, I bought it, but it cannot do it.
In addition, I bought him on Steam, so no reimbursement is zero.
It is time for a new video card to be bought into the roof.
It is a Brazilian site, but you get a Steam identifier who, I believe, is valid.
Caveat emptor and all that: I did not use it myself.
Of £360 for PC, £35 for Xbox 360 and PS3, 44 for Xbox and PS4.
Thank you, I am afraid that one day they will remove it from your library if they decide to crack down on the people who buy it when they are outside the planned region.
So please join the Betta version of Elite: Dangerous.
So, was France a 'putrid breeding ground' in 1940?
Tell me, therefore, that Nobel Prize winner seems to me to be a poisoned chalice.
We need to love the French of 40, that of 'strange defeat'?
When you see who gets the Nobel Prize for literature, you wonder whether Proust or Dostoyevsky would have it today.
Nobel is not even an event, and one does not even want to read the culprits.
Brazilians, Chinese, or Australians will read Modiano, who is already hard to read in French, and who describes such a limited and hackneyed universe?
I hope that the other Noels are more credible but, frankly, I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, is a distant report with literature.
Have you read it at least?
Or another Nobel Prize winner?
It would be better to judge.
The Chinese, the Brazilians and others do not worry for them.
aliens are very sensitive to French literature and culture.
They will be able to appreciate Mr President.
If they are already aware of this, they are well aware of it!
For your part, please continue to attend Lévy and Mussolo.
I agree with you.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Mussolo retain all their chances.
So let us see who won the Nobel Prize for literature: H. H.
Pinter in 2005, D.
Happiness.
Ever since I started one in Iceland, I have not seen Kia Sportage everywhere.
I believe that this has followed me up to now.
Perhaps she wants to crush me?
Or to swallow me like the terrible computer of Superman III?
Good morning, always hatred?
Good morning - no, not today, I have made my medals.
That is Wednesday!
I have had a few days of rest.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the festival of beer and the cider of Nottingham.
It was a bogus.
I have managed to disguise 19 beer, as Wobby Weasel is one of my favourite.
I was pleasantly surprised by the mixing of people there, but there was no such thing as CAMA fanatics (not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera).
Driving back on Sunday was really hard.
On Monday night, you went to the grandfather of a pot to play nudg.
Thanks to a genuine beginning opportunity, I have been able to go back to a number of decent ones.
I hope that if I arrive at 95 years I will be as lively as he is.
Last night I went to a cocktails bar in Farringdon.
One of my beverages came with a slice of headard.
I admire Mr
Read a little Bouddha and you will understand how wrong it is, Mr Christian.
Having said that, I do not think you are going to be against you, but I think you are going a little further away.
It all banned the queues for jihadists from leaving the mosques.
It mentions arms trafficking without delay.
Either we have great open eyes like Meddeb and Taia or Boubaker or we have our eyes closed.
We have to choose.
It is not by keeping the eyes closed that one gets light.
Excuse me, Mr Christian, but once again you are making a monumental counter-sense: all the authorities, organisations or associations representative, Muslim or non-Muslim, having formally condemned the IS and its crimes, the French, Muslim or otherwise, have nothing to add to these unanimous official condemnations.
Anyone who does not say word is condoning.
The problem is that people like you see them first as Muslims, Arab or African.
Not like the French.
Unfortunately, there is a great deal of doubt for everyone, Mr Mervor.
As I said a thousand times, some doubt the Jews' approval of Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be foolish and foolish to accuse them priori and demand that they publicly demonstrate to prove to the rest of French society that it is wrong to doubt it.
In my opinion, this principle is the negation of the Republic and can only help to detach French society.
I do not think there is any doubt about that.
Who does not say word, but what?
Conflict with II or the conviction of EI.
silence is a good thing, it is the main weapon of those who want to keep the goat and the fox.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically untenable.
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could, during the elections, “revenge ” parties represented at Westminster because a huge gap has widened between their proposals for decentralisation and what they promised on the eve of the independence referendum.
Cameron must be petrified to lose all these seats in Westminster...
Cameron must laugh.
What is these threats?
Conservatives ride roughshod over Scotland, because they have no basis for it.
They can do what they want with electoral impunity.
I do not think that Cameron even is foolish enough to believe that the Labour losing seats in Westminster for the benefit of the SNP is good for him and the Conservatives in the long run.
Who is going to hand over a weapon for the Labour Party.
They will be fully disposed of in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP, which will cut their heads in the north.
Ed Miliband joined the so-called 'PRMESSESSO' thinking that he was rescuing his party but without realising that he was signing the death cessation of his Scottish Members.
No wonder some Labour MEPs call for accountability to their leader.
If the SNP earns 20-25 seats and there is no majority in parliament, even if seats do not come from the Conservatives, then they will be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to force both the Conservatives and Labour to do what they promised for them. Maximum decentralisation.
I believe that this is the important thing.
Not if Labour or Conservatives want to be re-elected in England one day.
Cpumps of 8% at the expense of 85%, it is not a super electoral strategy.
In addition, once Scottish MEPs will no longer be able to vote on matters relating to England, the Conservatives will win all the votes.
Oh, I think it is.
Perhaps Cameron has little to lose, but Miliband should be.
Maggie has done this with the Ulster Unionists and it has been successful.
But he is still in power to be prime minister in 2015, and that since he won the Labor Party leadership.
So, basically, these boxes will virtually be behind every reader to look over his shoulders and see what he reads, how he reads, and how to end.
It is ‘ The life of the others ’ from East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of FRIC...
Again the same fascination for surveillance techniques.
Ultimately, this will at least have a sterilous effect.
I await the next ticket: Amazon manufacturing VOTRE, according to VOTRE profile, and this automatically thanks to an algorithm of its secrecy!
This is a gauntlet for the world.
Strictly stimulated.
Thank you for the article.
As under this system, the management of the DRMs has not been impaired, but it remains for me to read the pirated files, public books or purchased from a few publishers who have the intelligence to propose files without keyers.
Given the price that I paid for the Kobo, that is without regret.
I am astounded by the widespread abdication of users in the face of widespread ownership of their privacy.
In your general public release, you will always notice that everyone gives his fidelity card (feun ostenc, & # 160; & # 160; & # 160;...).
There are also demanding masterpieces whose opening and completion rates are undoubtedly derisory.
For example, James Joe ’ s “Finnan Wake. ”
@ Thomas: in the Big Data era, the data does not really need to be personal in order to be relevant.
Let us be careful not to put all the literature into the same basement.
The harvesting of anonymous data when there is a profile....
The harvest is not anonymous.
It is the data published by Kobo, which is not allowed to identify the readers or the authors.
But Kobo has all this information.
There have been so many exaggerated, erroneous and contradictory statements on the part of the Turkish Government over the last few days that the country seems to be headed by a kindergarten with schizophrenic ranges.
This is even worse if you take Erdogan ’ s religious fundamentalism into account.
It is interesting that some of Erdogan's supporters believe that Islamist is such an insult that they are removing your comment, but not mine.
Well, we have seen, but Turkey does not want to shoot itself in the foot unless there is anything to gain from it.
If it attacks ISIS, ISIS will retaliate, so it is actually shooting itself in the foot.
A retired diplomat on his blog: “The AP reports that Iran warned the United States that it would be wrong to seek to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, because that would jeopardise Israel ’ s security.
It is not clear in the article whether Iran was sending a serious warning of retaliation or whether it simply advised caution.
This second option is more likely and, in any case, what is really surprising is that Iran ’ s and American diplomatic engagement today concerns Syria, Israel, and the security of the region. ”
The Indian Punchline reading is to recommend strongly to anyone that attention should be paid to the details rather than to the traditional media led by the traditional media; the short article you give is important and should be read bearing in mind the realistic comments / warnings / warnings from Iran to offer from Iran to Afghanistan. In 1979 - 1980.
Who are these “moderates ” who seriously combat the horrific secular Assad and the perverts of ISIS?
The policy of pipelines pushes the world into abme, and I would suggest to those who refer to non-existent 'moderates' to pay more attention to facts and alternatives before sending the children of others to fight in the Third World War.
“It is even worse than that if you take Erdogan ’ s religious fundamentalism into account ’ there are other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
We need a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
What is to be done?
You realise that neither the criminals nor the victims have any chance of still living?
A little late for that, my pot...
Are criminals not just old now, like 120 years?
A little late for that, no?
Particularly with regard to the CUP triumvirate which planned and directed the genocide, Talaat and Djemal, killed just after the 1st World War by revenge by the Armenians, and killed by the Bolsheviks in a pamed place of the Central Asia at roughly the same time, when it dreamt that it would base a Turkish empire on it.
What a dearth!
An impressive mastery of the fallacy of fatal slopes, but, apart from that, it is in vain to seek contact with the real.
There are many clichés without arguments.
Foetus will always hear a heart that is even beating in the womb of a beating mother.
Lesbian couples can simply be a child and not a desire to be accepted.
Also, sterile and sterile couples.
So far as children are concerned!
What a shame it is to designate them as future psychological imbalancing.
One day, they will have the right to defend themselves, to say they are happy to live, to earn their living and to pay the pension for this lady (?)
The GPA is without doubt a temporary 'solution' in the evolution of medicine in our world.
It is not a date of today.
Many women brought children who were not of their husbands to the world.
This is still the case, so we are in this way...
What is important here is that this practice is controlled so that the 'commercialisation' of the body is limited.
But cosmetic surgery, cosmetics, are not as commercialised as bodies?
Anakronk Fareinheit...
It is certainly more elegant to make a good in a distant country via the Internet and Pay Pal more than to shoulder its responsibilities and to avoid the scandal in another centuries close to home without shouting it at that time on all the roofs!
Moreover, these practices were not made on behalf of the church!...
It is not just Christians and believers who reject these practices...
The fact remains that the exploitation of bodies is a real problem.
Oh, he is passionate about something.
At the end of the 1970s in the Midlands I saw only a long way from that.
I had to go there, because I did not have the right to go to night!
But if you like to do that and listen to the music - this music today always affects you as much.
I do not know why there are so many contemptuous comments here about what Paul Mason says, perhaps they are being asked by people who have never been coolers, even for a few years!
I believe that in the sports section there is an article on football which awaits your comments.
A very true article, a very true one.
Since Tony Parson ’ s film, there has been a shortage of reports that genuinely reflect the reality of North England ’ s culture.
No wonder Paul Mason has grasped the social and political context, he understands it well.
Northern Ireland still lives, but it has been vamicised by capitalism, and today it is essentially a phenomenon of surface area.
Having said that, you can listen to it if you are in the London region in November: 99psoul will once again pass from the vinyles of soul, including the Northern souls, on Saturday 15 November to the Betsey Trowood in Farringdon.
I, too, thought ‘ always the same story ’, but that is a well-written and well-thought-out small article.
Your criticisms really do need to be more constructive.
Proper article.
I have adorned your documentary.
I suppose you are happy to have escaped Newsnight.
Last train for Wigan from Victoria / Exchange and down to Welgate.
By obviating polems.
Whatever the station before Wigan was Intel, 15 miles of Wigan after they bought a ticket after Victoria!
The early Northern stage souls are described in an excellent episode in the police series George Gmently entitled Gmently Northern Soul, which is taking place in Newcastle in 1968.
Business is becoming increasingly poisonous.
The Palestinians do not have a partner for peace.
Unfortunately, Netanyahu never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
@ Jonathan: Netanyahu does not seek peace because he wants to continue to occupy settlements (indeed, he was also the case of Rabin).
It is clear that Rabin, Netanyahu and their voters all preferred the settlement to peace.
He closes his clothes, posters on the rock and goes into the water.
An Israeli had stolen them.
The Israeli representative is angry and vociferous: 'What are you talking about?
The Israelis were not there even at the time! '.
The Palestinian Representative (UN) smiling and added: and now that things are clearly set out.
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the bipolar government of the Palestinian Authority and will not lower the guard...
It is obvious that this is not the right thing to do with the Israelis, but that is not the intention...
Anticonist: I replied to you, however: the global geopolitical relationship...
And it is still so since politics is globalized...
Avoidly, avoided...
In the Israel-colonial conflict, for the creation of the Palestinian state, it is certain that it will continue!
For the creation of Israel, you do not answer.
What balance of power has the creation of Israel been?
Anticionist: the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still a balance of power.
You have no doubt about it!!!!!
Moreover, all of this is not just about Russell Band, but the Guardian journalists seem to have difficulty going beyond anything that he does not have to say.
Many of what he says is nothing more than pseudo-written chomsysts not others.
This shows that you do not understand what Russell Brand says, or what Noam Chomsky says.
It is just a sequence of personal attacks and insinuations (my 13 year-old daughter likes it well, which means that it is a question of immaturity).
A truly vicious burden, with just a suspicion that Russell Brand says some truths, perhaps truths to which we prefer not to think.
It is going to be more and more widespread!
I can understand why Blanand horrified some: he sometimes speaks pretenously and after all the nonsense of tabloids he gives the impression of being a beggar-thy-neighbor, but the whole story of not voting has been completely misinterpreted in my view.
The general consensus seems to be that he is right to say just to people not to vote and to sit back and to ignore the entire political process - but if you look at the interview with Pxman and other videos he raised, he said that voting once every five years for the L. abour or Conservatives (or DDDDs, I suppose) and limit democratic engagement to this is completely useless, both parties (to slightly different degrees) governed mainly in favour of special interests, multinational companies and the rich, and at no time does he say that he is completely ignoring politics because these parties are party to the parties. It does not govern on our behalf: it insists that rather than just voting and disconnecting itself for five years, people should become much more active politically at local level, organise movements, demonstrations, petitions, regardless of whether and try to influence politics from that.
I am not saying that I necessarily agree with his solution (because I believe that being politically active by presenting his requests can go hand in hand with voting, given that politicians are gifts that will change their minds if they really risk losing elections), but it is not good to see all these answers. It is patronising that this idiotic, which makes Jesus say to young people not to take the trouble to vote and just hope that everything will be better because it really is distorted his arguments.
His solution is highly questionable, and it would be good if people were to debate what he actually says rather than just labelling it as irresponsible and putting aside the concerns of him and a large number of people left behind.
Yes, thank you.
The rigmarole on the vote was completely distorted.
I am deeply annoyed about the fact that my vote really does not count for nothing.
I want more referenda, electronic voting, direct democracy and Members who are accountable to their constituents locally.
In addition, I dispute the idea that the words of Russell Band are not his own (written by others).
He is intelligent enough to have his own words and ideas, even if they are heavily influenced by the kind of anti-culture thinkers and academics that Suzanne would like to bring together under the label “pseudo-chomskysts. ”
I am quite convinced that in a debate he would be able to convince Suzanne.
Perhaps that is what the Guardian could do, whether Suzanne does like Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a vandage, with even rank hooks being added to the world!
Like Max Keiser, who initially attacked Russel but ended up becoming one of his fans, and urged him to do so, it is too easy to attack him without really understanding where he wants.
It has run into a political discourse that has existed for generations but has been marginalised by traditional media - including the Guardian - for generations.
This “frontloading ” shows, above all, that the intellectual debate ’ s history has long been held in history ’ s RDVs, where professional historians have become a minority, and that exchanges of specialists have become impoverished for the benefit of the kind of pardensed condensed media.
For my part, I saw in Pierre Bourdieu's intellectual behavior as well as that of Michel Foucault, a need to blame one, a scapegoat.
They develop some very rational arguments, but this rationality is based on these scapegoats, who are the keystone of their thinking.
Rather, I believe that for Foucault, the state was indispensable as a culprit.
This is very archaic thinking, the thinking sacrificed, which is also the magic thought.
The problem in the report is solved by eliminating it.
There is an anarchistic slope, neo-lib and / or libertarian (in both terms marks a tightening of the state ’ s desire for eradication, the first knowing how to seek state aid for its markets) in the sense of the least state / not of any state at all at Foucaolo ’ s level. There is no doubt about that.
The self-defeating dream of the self-indulgent base is the old dream.
His thinking is built on the culpability of the state: without guilt she does not hold on to it.
The culprit says disposal, murder, sacrifice.
This is not a position against the three intellectuals mentioned here.
Nor is there any need for support.
The totalitarian Left remember the good old times, that of its then god, Stalin, the small father of the people.
Oulala, you probably read too quickly if you took Foucault ’ s texts on Iran ’ s revolution for Khomeini ’ s apology.
Today, even Pierre Manent would no longer be amusing Michel in this way...
Gauchet is thinking deeply about the contemporary person and the collective, about the difficulty of the accession mechanism in our advanced liberal societies.
Whether one agrees with him or not, he is an original and respectable thinker.
To see this cabal orchestrated by human scientist scientists from the left, who do not bear the brunt of allegiance to their mantras, is laughable enough.
The narcisisme and the authoritarianism of these people are limitless.
One important point to add seems to me to be the position of these 'rebels', which is only intellectual and theoretical.
The treatment of the Chinese and other 'yellow' which I have witnessed in Russia is absolutely incredible.
You did not have the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where was it in Russia that a Russian can meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I do not remember when I last saw a Chinese.
In London, they were sympathetic to me when they learned that I was Russian.
In Russia here - in the 1990s the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think like the white man!
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and from Guangzhou a long time ago, in the middle of the 20th century, and I still hear some of them violently anti-Blank.
My father is not happy that his eldest daughter was born with a Blanc.
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and above all in recent years: they are getting richer, prosperity is spreading outside the major cities, and thanks to this prosperity people travel abroad and see how others live.
In particular, the Russians have prejudices against temporary workers who are unqualified from the Caucasus and Central Asia, who work in professions and in areas where they are lucky enough to be exploited by their employers or face high crime and violence.
Although I have lived on the shores of the River Ienissei in Siberia.
Unfortunately, I heard the views of Australians on the Chinese and the Aorigens.
It is truly bizarre that a foreigner tells me that I do not support the Chinese, while I have met two in my life (including one abroad), all people are equally worthy and, in fact, those of London have been very kind and, in fact, the only ones in London have been very kind. That is why I remembered that they were Chinese.
Otherwise we will not remember who is meeting, all people are worth remembering, how to remember who was who was.
Do you know what is bizarre?
That you and the other Russian are talking about Chinese as a kind of unique fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you are still coming out of it.
How many Chinese men are with white men in comparison?
None of them, because there is a great deal of chance that the parents of those landed in the White Paper would aggressive them to the PYYSMENT.
No measure of the fairness of justice.
Yet it is the mother of all battles and justice in France remains manipulated by strong left-wing groups like the magistracy ’ s trade union …
This is a case of forgiveness, but the judicial circles are, frankly, a right.
When the magistracy's Synergy, only 25% of judges are returned.
If a measure of its bias can be made on the basis of the relativity of the application of laws in the courts, it requires two obstacles to be removed.
The one is the political vision of the observer, such as that of the magistrate ’ s factual interpretation.
It then remains the mandatory tool of law to refocus the assessment on fundamentals.
The extent to which it is observed in all the judicial acts of magistrates, included, forces a distinction to be drawn between the error and the partiality of the magistrates.
It would be futile to claim that acts of justice are not divided between these three groups.
Derogation and ignorance does not fall within the scope of an objective analysis.
So, if all of this is not analysed, how can it be said that justice is improving in France?
If it is only through statistics that it implicitly starts from a very low level.
The previous preamble makes it possible to include the following in the third ratio.
The issue of corruption in the judiciary of the judiciary.
This is a sensitive issue in proportion to the power of nuisance that is given to the judicial institution that is capable of such heresy.
The area considered is that of the despatch of heirs to procedure by means of procedural scams, which have been mandated by notarogyists mandated by notaries.
This profession gets EUR 150 million an year while, at the same time, it has the right to cover the relevant coverage by the quasi-judicial impunity of the French novelty.
For the understanding of their mechanism, part of it was reported in the comments following the first publication.
Where it is in line with the moderate statistical improvement in the previous commentary, it is that the judicial institution has produced, in many disputes between generalogist and inheritance inheritance, a whole series of cases of case law that goes against all the laws that favour heirs.
Is it not the case that the presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria is not a crafted form of lie?
Surely prices are absolutely prohibitive.
Yet again, equipment to snap people with disabilities.
This can be said, but my brother has one of those trifles every field, builds on his size and weight, and has really made it possible for him to enjoy the full air as never a normal wheelchair, with wheeled and cumbersome tyres and tyres.
As we say, the gates and the colours...
Tankchairi resembles what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
Tackair has EPIEU air.
I believe that the inventor of the Whill has never had to clean up a dog crack on a chink.
I am sure that my sister would love the triround every ground, but it is simply too expensive.
The wheelchair of ultra long distance would be perfect for a disabled person with a long-distance penchant.
There are hills here.
Prices seem to be high, but there are real people who make such prices in a bicycle, so “you see. ”
The trifecycle seems to me to be particularly useful.
Not all disabled people are poor, however.
Many of them have a reasonable amount of insurance.
Only if they have become disabled.
The rub is that the wheelchair market is a niche, so they can afford to practise high prices for things that they know they need.
It cannot really be said that the Whill is minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately, this is just a sketch, it is not planned to produce it.
I am CONTNT that the long-distance wheelchair does not arrive on the market, because apparently there is no way to drive this trick rigged.
Almost 20 000 homes were destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza, during intensive bombing of densely populated residential areas.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power of Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half of these are children and young people who are under 18 years of age.
Children of eight years have lived their entire lives under Israeli blockade!
A unique situation in the world, an unacceptable situation, as well as illegal, since this blockade is inflicting a ‘ collective punishment ’ has all the civilians in Gaza.
'Entrepreneurs working on their projects divert a little from their cement to the black market '...
Ah it is not wood language, rather concrete and armed the lady...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact.
Anticionist...
Good cement goes into tunnels!
There is no doubt that there is the black market and that it is recognised.
Two million human beings have been prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
A unique situation in the world, which is unacceptable to anyone with a moral heart and meaning.
The US has a well-guarded field: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi did not have time to govern because the dictatorship (supported by those who know you) has ruled it out!
Do you not forget that, having lifted him, Morsi restored the blockade!
And I am a Westerner, so I agree...
Jonathan...
The Bay of Biscay is Israel ’ s...
The children in Gaza live on an underground fortress, which was built to the people who chose its masters!
Having a boat is a lot of work, Aleks.
I hope you have given some thought.
Call is more cool than Airbnb.
This is the very definition of the non-profit sharing economy.
Many people are looking for just one evening to go on Couchsurg.
So it is to make themselves pay (or at least hope).
It is always much cheaper than a hotel, if the right addresses are to be sought.
In addition, owners and tenants who are trusted often stop using Airbnb and deal directly with cash, bypassing Airbnb.
Where is the community in all this.
'Let it put it on a leg over '?
There is no problem with the verb, what is the problem with your grammar?
The verb 'to let' in the United States is not used.
The author simply used an American expression.
He is an international newspaper now, in case you have not noticed.
It would be better to have good insurance for the ship, to ensure that it is 100% in line with all safety rules and to ask those who manage the canals and rivers the authorisation to practise a commercial activity there (which they will certainly refuse), and I have a boat and I have tried to see how it is to be praised (in all. Frankly, on Airbnb, it really is a nightmare...
Have you thought that ships can be displaced, stolen and painted, sunk, etc??
The pain is so slow that anyone tried to steal it would always be close to where you left it.
Or hijacked by pirates...
All these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our pens...
Where are you going to disarm it?
No Marine Le Pen is not right!
Populism?
There is no truth other than that which sets out the facts!
Poverty in France is increasing.
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training.
Increasing wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality.
Who is defending who?
Who is defending what?
In 2017, the Messe will be known!
Capitalism will not become poorer.
High finance, speculatively, plays with our businesses so our jobs, with our raw materials, therefore our purchases, our food, and so our health structures, with our debts so our institutions.
They are a threat to our daily lives by the same and our money that they hold.
All of this to the benefit of the hyper-obese, hyper-obese frivolous.
Until proven otherwise, FH said: 'my enemy has no name, my enemy has no face, my enemy is finance'.
That was in 2012.
In 2014, he appointed a former Rothschild bank to defend the interests of banksters, who were responsible only for the 2007 crisis.
Wouldn ’ t there be anyone else?
Do you call it how: go back to its jacket, reduce its trousers?
Primary and Populist Reaction
In fact, we do not know too much what Marine Le Pen thinks.
Where did you see that?
Because the Germans have refused to rescue the survivors.
I am not sure that Spee really did “refuse ” to rescue the survivors.
One aspect of this battle is that none of the parties seemed sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massisia in his book "Castle of Steel" suggests that Spee quickly left the area because he had received a report indicating British cooking in the area.
The sea was heated at the beginning of the day; I do not know whether this was still the case at the end of the battle?
Likewise, the struggle ended after sinking from the sun, making rescue operations more difficult.
Compare this with the next battle, that of the Falklands, where, on the photographs showing the survivors who are being rescued, we see a calm sea in full day.
Moreover, the rescuers knew that there were no German fighters at this stage.
Humm does not really correspond to what I remember reading this battle, so I made a quick research on Wikipea:
“There was some confusion among German vessels about the fate of the two greedy crusers, who had disappeared into the dark after stopping the shooting, and a curse began.
The Leipzig lives on fire, but when he comes closer to him he lives that it was only a wreck.
The Nürberg, slower than other German vessels, joined the late battle and lives on Monmoth, which has been severely damaged and damaged, but still on the move.
Having pointed out its spotlight on the ship's flag, the proposal to go was refused and it opened the boat, finally sinking the ship.
Unreliable information, von Spee jugea, that the Good Hope had to escape and arrested the research at 10.15 p.m.
What he said about the reports of a British cureaux in the surrounding area, he got to the north '.
So, if it is true, Germans, in the dark before the radar invention was invented, did not know that a ship had sunk, so it could not look for survivors.
They also thought that there was a more important cooking of the Royal Navy in the area that could have seriously damaged the damage, so in confusion they are disgusting to take advantage of their advance.
They were far from their base, and Spee was aware that they should find their way through many Royal Navy vessels.
Cradock ’ s sacrifice had already caused them to harm them and accounted for about half of their ammunition, thereby condemning them when they were finally taken.
There are a number of voices in the UMP calling for it to be written into the law that a definitively convicted elected person is therefore permanently ineligible.
This is a courageous position, which would also affect the left-wing Members of the House.
But nooon, it is a joke.
PROTETIEE IDEE JEC JEC IEE INSCIPION AU MUNGASSTARTS Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy
When will trade unions be banned in sectors that are already protected?
How long will we tolerate this distortion of equality between citizens?
As society ’ s vision is limited to these sectors, whose vision of society is limited to these sectors, which are always quick to amplify those who will benefit from their inamity to obstruct the actions of the real policies, who are really trying to get things moving, not the fine words that are spoken about. The lack of action is commensurate with their complacency.
I met them in the metro at midday with their small banners' for justice 'they came from province and did not make the difference between Bercy and PPB.
It supports the existence of politicised trade unions whose members put the enormous power they hold in the service of its party.
It would not defend the same theses if right-wing, or even far-right, unions were targeted for personalities on its board and against a judicial and media war.
Your statements are completely free of charge.
If, at the moment, the right is defying the current legal situation, it is simply that it has committed something to do with it!
There is no example of a left-wing personality who has had so much to do with the justice system, but all those who have been the subject of his attention have not been treated in favour of it.
On the other hand, we must also remember that the union of the left-wing magistracy is not the only union of magistrates and a minority.
For a minister to support the trade unions with so much commitment shows how useful they can be.
The union that you mention is perhaps a minority one among the magistrates, but it has a great influence on the Chancellor, which is no secret.
One now wonders whether the 'mission' of certain judges is not more dirty rather than being educated.
@ guus - you should be satisfied, the SM is a minority.
What are you complaining about?
@ Pivine: you forget that the magistrates are not like others: they are the only ones who have the power to indict and incarcerate the all-too-everyone.
Jade Goody?
And if none of the participants ever returned?
Good morning, Kdiplomacy Wissel.
I believe that even the most starving debtor realises that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career, so I would be surprised if someone accepted the offer.
Many used this as a springboard to start a successful career.
The Oannes Directorate are filling the stadiums around the world.
Others then sold many records or left West End.
Popstars, the forerunner of all these programmes, launched Chreyl Cole, which, in fact, is part of the juries.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Cévia Don, Cliff Richard, all contest the Eurovision, like so many others.
While others like Frank Sinatra and everything else have participated in competitions in the United States.
In the 1970 ’ s and 1980 ’ s, New Faces and Operation opportunities Knoks launched most of Britain ’ s light entertainment entertainment.
Of course, some have fallen into oblivion.
But that is what happens anyway to most stars who do not participate in the competitions.
Few people, after a tube, succeed in making others.
In any case, most singers / groups can best hope for three albums and a bare of all.
Own, but now Cole, or whatever his name, is fans only in the United Kingdom.
His celebrity comes partly from his marriage with a footballer who is breathing with his mouth.
Most Americans know who Jeremy Clarkson is.
The End of a career
In fact, it is more likely to lead to a career than the typical rock route, even if in your dreams you think that all the guide refrigerators that smoke grass in the garage of their father and sweep three agreements on a primary school poem will surely become a primary school at a primary school level. stars and the only question is how much they want to reach an album even before they get out.
It is worse than ridiculous: it sets a completely artificial distance between the western public and the people who have been studied – distance that is relatively short of racism, because the sacralistic ethos present us with these distant people like infinite superstitious and ritual bigotry, while most of them do so. ways of doing things are strictly equivalent to our own and, like ours, inspired by practical considerations on a daily basis.
Unless you interpret the situation unwisely in the opposite direction.
Either, but rather than saying that the fanfare is unsacred, is it not better to admit that our Marianne and our Molers do not have a rather sacred character?
Our bias is, as pointed out, to see sacred as a kind of well-defined object and circumscribed to the religious sphere.
That is very interesting in any case.
It is of the deeco ephemhere to keep a vacuum.
Nothing more.
Subsidiary Rule, thank you.
The recent Pantheonization of illustrated figures from the Republic is an illustration of the fact that the feeling of sacred is still alive.
Who still believes in interpretations of archaeologists!
Any other discipline would throw open interpretations of any scientists who last the life of a mandarin, rarely less.
When a critique critic of the disciplines can laugh a little?
Because what applies to archaeology also applies to the interpretations of other disciplines.
This would bring a dose of healthy modesty.
Your contempt for archaeologists is completely unjustified!
It is thanks to them that we are constantly discovering treasury, valuable testimonies to history, understanding societies, and the example of comparative archaeology is exciting.
This method is not very old, and archaeologists previously relied on their instincts and knowledge, and they could be wrong.
These days, there are so many technical and scientific resources that the interpretation of searches is better but can always be called into question by other discoveries!
One is here in (and old) about the caveat, put forward by the prehistorian Jean Clottes (citing her book “The Pearts of prehistory, ” particularly the re-edition of scientific controversy, in the editions of the Roche of Rocks).
Thank you for that very informative article.
Might men heterogeneous like the anal?
As far as you are concerned, I could go along with that.
So, is it between us?
I do not really understand why can we not continue to three?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious, made for adults.
Do you really need to fall into the heights?
No, but we are not against a play on this.
We could not look at a musical comedium on this, on the other hand, it would be too gay!
One might have expected to have this kind of comment on your part.
It seems as if Mary Whitehead returned from the dead.
Since your trial bid is almost over, may I suggest that you go to Catholic Times.
I am sure you will feel at home.
He prefers mikew.
May I suggest that we all look for a newspaper that pays real journalists, courageous journalists, to write about the Middle East, Ebola, etc. at their peril.
Instead of punishing puerical dust.
Not very mild.
Go to it then.
If these 'puerile denderanes' are so shocking, you are not obliged to participate, is it not?
You also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola and that it is perfectly possible to make both and to publish an article on the anal sex?
Is this the subject that shocked you, or the fact that people are on the layman?
Nevertheless, there is the amateur video of the crash on the net...
video freshness on the net...??
If the FOM has chosen not to show these images, it is only in order to protect its interests in no way that of the pilot.
If the FOM had wanted to protect pilots, it would have left the bag, because at the moment or another vehicle (for example, a breakdown) entered the circuit.
But it was necessary to finish quickly before the typhoon that was known to arrive, but for which the FOM did not see fit to advance the time of departure (TV law, pub, money …).
But apart from that, they protect the pilots well.
I do, of course, share this view.
But it is also the case that if the FOM joins the SC, it will allow Nico Rosberg to have a chance to beat the English that then led...
You are on the verge of my dear Dayton-style blog.
This is not a serious matter, however, and I have a bit of time to set up all your – and this is – the most important of them.
No, just no.
There have been F1 conspiracies, but never one that puts Commissioners at risk of death for a long history of the possibility of a pilot ’ s victory to the detriment of another.
It is not the FOM that is out of the bag because it is FIA.
There is a great deal to be said for this.
In view of amateurs ’ amateurish images, the FIA above all means avoiding the troubling questions of the type: How is it that the Commissioner agitates a green flag in intervention and continues to do so after the accident (see the video complete after the accident)?
No, it is not because the video is deemed to be too violent for FIA to block the images of the accident, but because one of the Commissioners is clearly a green flag, a sign that the race can resume normally and that we are more under the yellow flag regime.
Some comments show a dark ignorance of F1.
Yes, Etienne, the race is no longer under the umbrella of JPA APES as the place of the accident, hence the green flag.
That is the usual procedure.
The post of commisers just downstream of the accident (depending on the case, it may be 100metre as it was 100metre after the accident) agitated for green to tell the pilots to resume normal.
Sensationalism is selling the pub.
Before I thought that the media was an integral part of the government's' patriotic 'propaganda offensive, I am afraid that, ultimately, it is just for money.
And sex, let us not forget, the fear of not having sexual life, the pub and the media are good enough to sell us things that are supposed to improve our sex life.
Infects do exactly the same thing.
Entering buzz with infos that we really do not need to care about is just to continue to fear people so that they can continue to control them.
“When the tabloids affect Ebola, we all make every effort to“ derail ” it should be “derailed, ” not“ touchingly ”.
Given the medical reference, “breaking ” is much better said in this context than“ derailing. ”
I wonder whether all the people who are distressing that Ebola could start to spread by air realise that they now believe in developments?
You give them too much honour.
They probably think that this is the end of the world and that Ebola is just one of the signs of apocalypse that is approaching.
Ebola it is the Antchrist!
You confuse Ebola and Murdoch...
Proper Rule, thank you!
A short and concise article that makes a mockery of this despicable pseudo-journalism.
That was a very good thing for me to say.
It depresses me that the media are talking about most things with this attitude of optimism.
Once again, the goal is to keep ourselves frightened and frightened (without hysteria) for the government to derail us when it needs it.
I believe it is perfectly logical that, if we are to suffer a budgetary emergency in the absence of any crisis, a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack, why not have a crisis in Ebola without any proven cases?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises that it itself invented.
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of governing by fear?
Congratulations on this post, and to be still with this world almost 35 years later.
At the beginning it had to be horrific, given the context of the 1980-90 years.
I am bluffed, live with the certainty of going through it for years …..
It is completely unnecessary.
As always, when we talk about science.
Not only does the testimony of evidence serve no purpose: it cannot be used as a scientific material.
But they have a detrimental effect on objective assessment of the facts.
Traditions: testimonies cannot be used as a scientific material.
That is perhaps why we are refraining from putting questions to patients in psychiatry when there are reliable observations from the relatives.
My psychiatric dossier mentions that my psychiatrist explains that I have been telephoned by her mother-in-law.
This is therefore an objective symptom.
When I say that this is a matter of subjective testimony, it is not important.
Ah, because the attestation of a fact (which is the testimony of this testimony, which testifies to the contamination and effectiveness of new treatments) serves no purpose in a scientific approach?
So what do you base the research on, then?
On fantasies?
Are you putting fanciful theories and facts at the same level, which give rise to verifiable testimonies)?
“Resilience ”: the“ Biblical ” word by J-L Delarue ’ s fans, fans, who take for great psychologists after reading D ’ anguurg.
@ Jim: there is full sense of bogus buts.
Cyrulnik kicked us out of “resilience. ”
As it is a great scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope that he will have cobbled together a reliable scale of measurement to quantify it, that famous resilience.
I wonder whether air Sentils could all rescue us from Farage and airline?
Do you not think of Team America?
Strictly speaking, it is not a good idea to take a good look at a good idea to highlight the Sinnelles of the air...
Why, then?
It was a brilliant series, and it would seem that those who emerge from it are aware of it!
So let us leave our salvation to the all-powerful, who can do miracles.
But how will they get children?
The only solution that comes to mind is humour gender, which would kill the whole range.
It was already a series of children.
Children were on the hook.
Ah, because it is a series of children?
The UKIP works for the Mysterons.
So please keep your Team America.
Don ’ t in Speralonation?
It will not be the same if you do not see the sons and the animation is well done.
I look forward to seeing this (though being an adult), but I hope that this will give the idea of a chain to rebroadcast the old.
The series has almost never stopped being broadcast here in Australia; it has been at least 40 years since we had an hour and a Sunday at 06 on Saturday and Sunday.
Since the arrival of digital television a few years ago, it has been on one of the second-class commercial channels and we can always see it at these times.
And in addition to the half an hour's episodes, from Monday to Friday, from Monday to Friday!
Fine, I am probably a 'sad' mec of 60 years, but I am not looking at this series every day!
There is no 'Mount of the temple' in or under the mosque of heaven!
The radical Zionists invented this in order to give themselves political legitimacy to colonise Jerusalem.
Moreover, all Israeli searches below and around the mosque mosque for decades have not helped.
If he is somewhere else, he is somewhere else.
Can it be Argentine?
This Mount is not being sought for the simple reason that it is the hill on which the mosques were built.
Its summit, or the Rocher ’ s host, is blown up amidst the mosque of Omar.
For Muslims, Mohammed came to paradise from this rock.
For Jews, it was Moriah ’ s Morah, where Abraham failed to sacrifice his son Isaac.
As long as it was taken and contextual, there is no propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel also has its extremists, it is worth pointing this out regularly, and unfortunately they have been handed over to the government (Naftali Bennet, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahu, he had accepted the plan to two states and raised it continuously!).
It is also good to show how much the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful fact.
Will God recognise his own?
The smallest Jewish joke: 'God is praised!'
To boast about tourism in Israel, we are often told by naïve naïve naïve young people, alanguing on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, quite different from what advertising shows, as can be seen from the photograph that illustrates the article.
It is a little afraid, however.
And this photograph is a wonderful piece of propaganda!
It is a shame that the photographer of Ruters has not photographed the hundreds of Palestinians who have been allowed to rally back to the temple of the temple and who prefer to bail the Jewish faithful to the wall, praying to the Wall.
@ Mat, if this photograph disturbs you, it is not the newspaper, nor the photograph, but this woman and the ideology she sends out that we must condemn.
This system is untenable and will end up in layers.
The only way to stop this system is revolution.
Ever since the economy appears to be singing, large companies have benefited enormously from their employees.
They have managed to convince their employees that they have the chance to have a job and that they cannot afford to increase wages, while at the same time they have given even greater pay to the small elite at the top.
You are right, that is not tenable, but it will only change in that country when the workers really speak with one voice.
Instead of shooting and gearing when someone else strikes, support them, show a little solidarity and understand that their strike does not only affect their problems, but also shows your employer that people do not get away with them with impunity.
Unless democracy is abandoned, in which case it is tenable.
I totally agree with that.
The only thing you have forgotten is that British and American companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where social and environmental conditions are the worst.
For example, China and India.
That cannot be the end of the matter.
It was because we were in a democracy that it was.
Did you vote for the TTIP?
The aims of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) are to increase the profits of companies held by these people by bypassing national governments by secret courts.
It seems incredible, but it is exactly what the mechanism for settling disputes between investors and states (SSDs) is being used for by the agreement.
The Greens are against this project and are trying to alert people to the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that we are beginning to talk about it in the media: Independent Guardan World Development Reports, so you will understand what is being negotiated in your back.
Did Churchill say 'blood, sweat and tears'?
This has an excellent effect, while digital money has no reason to fall, let alone grow on trees.
The next weak link will probably be the car market.
The gentleman right, in XVIII there were trade unions in all the areas.
In the highly Catholic French army, there is a sacrifice that is sacrificed.
Let us leave it (its officers, the others, no one knows nothing) believe themselves to be the coffers of France's eternal values, and it will fight and close.
And then with the decline in the country, globalisation, Europe, the crisis of values, in short: the dissolution of the idea of Nation, having this small relic is comforting.
Even if it is increasingly uncomfortable...
They are still missing the indicators of married men, calives, married women, calives and dogs lost, and I do not know what to do yet.
If you do not write the French correctly, I trade with myself.
You have been warned, it will be your fault.
In order to protect vested interests, the protected professions with trade unions are already suffering enough, which has led to a breakdown of equality with other citizens.
We are asked not to laugh about the risk of risk by an official.
One can well imagine a system of freedom of expression without trade unions, or without the right to strike as in Germany, in return for the protection they enjoy.
Otherwise, there is a guaranteed disaster.
And with the charts that are preparing for it, the government welcomes it.
What security are you talking about?
Indeed, Ignorance in fact...
Ignorance for ignorance Systems I referred to the military and other officials, since that is the subject here.
Suppose 'through its delegates' in Article 8 of the preamble to the 1946 Constitution.
It will be: '8.
Every worker contributes to the collective determination of working conditions and to business management '.
This is absolutely essential with the intrusion of informative power.
And yet you have opened, presumably read and commented on a specific article entitled 'The Great Be Be Off review'?
wait, the section was there, there was a vacuum.
I thought we had to launch the conversation.
In any case, I have looked at the marriage of Joffrey, which I have looked at, and I can tell you that some have been well thought out.
In the Joffrey marriage, one of the best (albeit misleading) moments was television in the history of television.
So, from the pie mmmo...
Lady of Thrones!
I love GBBO!
This is the second time in a row that, strangely enough, the issue will end with a victory for the least worst baker; no one has taken the kind of 'boom, are my cake now and bent before your master'!
Perhaps the additional pressure of friends and parents outside has finally had an effect on them?
Over the past few weeks, all these external persons were kept out.
And there is also the idea of “playing safety, ” next week, which disappears in the last week.
I like cooking, but I do not imagine that I am doing that.
I am grateful to those who do so and so offer us super entertainment and try to find new things.
Go for GBBO 2015!
I agree, the last challenge last year, that the marriage pie was absurd.
Professionals usually take days to do them and they had to cobble together one in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really hard to share, and I do not know how they were able to choose a winner.
In Luis, the only real shortcoming they were able to find was the slightly dry basis (although I agree with Hollywood that Richard Richard ’ s green ice glory did not envy, in any case, Richard Richard had already lost at that time).
I have to say that several challenges in this series seem to be somewhat artificial because of the time allocated.
There is also the cancer that is being cured, with solar blows.
There is no doubt that all of us are succeeding at the moment.
This is a bad time for humanity, one hopes.
You confuse solar and ultraviolet radiation.
UV is blocked mainly by the ozone layer, which is shaped precisely by the impact of solar power particles and UV particles.
So even if the magnetic field weakened, there would be little solar wind to “hunt ” the stratosphere ’ s ozone.
There are even more, and hence less UV and ‘ cancer ’.
Fortunately, the ozone layer is not blocking the UV.
They have a lot of useful functions that you do not suspect.
If we confine ourselves to human beings, they have the interest of enabling us to have bones (synthesis of vitamin D), to heat us (less than the inversely), to modulate our immune system and, apparently, to improve our morale.
The ozone layer blocks carcinogenic UVs and leaves the UVA and most of the UVs.
You know that you are not obliged to be condescended and to regard your interlocutor as a stay when you make a comment?
Especially for a minor precision which was implied in the comment, which he himself intends to peddle.
Without saying that I am a mixture of melanoma, the UVs only have ACCER its development.
They are not the PROVO.
The evidence for this is that not all people have necessarily been blended.
Well, when a butbib tells you that we need to avoid sun and to live at the bottom of a cellar, it is better not to listen, because UV is necessary for every human being.
Exception, on the other hand, is like everything: it kills.
But for other reasons.
UV directly causes melanoma.
Is it possible to give it to it?
And, more importantly, can we switch it to the mixed?
or to switch it to the mighty...
I believe that the majority of those interested have established that everything can be plaked if there is sufficient force and the iPhone 6 robustness is perfectly acceptable for the use it is intended for.
I believe that the army would need something more resilient and so has not yet adopted the iPhone6 as the front-line communication material.
For us, however,
That remains a good choice.
The majority of those involved have established that everything can be plaked if there is sufficient force to do so.
Except for a Nokia 3310.
In particular, has he already complied?
This joke is being made in every discussion.
I have decided to count them.
It is the fourth joke on the plaice that I read in the comments today.
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that.
Before we install specific software, you can imagine that the telephone has been removed from the main production chain, and it is hard to see how it could come back to that.
So, the hummmummummmmmmo
The most likely is that this is a production unit on which the iOS has not been installed properly and is therefore stuck with the factory code of test established.
I do not know at all how they are doing this.
Is it, however, that they would put all test software on all?
The photographs on Ebasy clearly show the absence of a FCD or EC logo and the presence of a red liner of prototype.
There is the article for bobo par excellence.
We want to see products that are unexpensive, and we are surprised that industrialists produce in 'industrial industries', but all the teachers and the small trade are involved in how to breath €1650 ($1650) (average salary on the fringes)?
But to respond to your post, if it is possible to eat properly with a small salary.
After all, he is free to put his priorities where he sees fit.
For my part, food is one.
Go without a grudge, I will take you up with you.
Bobs, or better boblolos, are people who see the world through ideological “software ” that leads them to disconnect from reality.
It is total think-tunge.
They are pundits, for example claim to save the planet because they have avoided taking a shower.
They are also experts in a backlog, along with the left-over left-washers, for example, by condemning CO2 emissions while they go on holiday to the Maldives.
The vast majority of our fellow citizens do not bear the brunt of an ideology that is cumbersome and tarnished, too, when it comes to frequent criticism of them.
Wah, thank you for this complete and comprehensive theorisation and for all the associated details (aeroplanes, shower …).
I should like to be part of it, but I do not find myself.
The concept is not so complicated.
Bobolos are mongering.
Have you understood the concept of left-over?
And you are in a position to understand the concept of the boboeco.
It is perfect copying with just an ideological nuance.
Classification would be more complicated if we took an interest in the ecolos in the short term.
Boboecolo is part of that, but it is only the most visible part of the ecolos because it is the one that is inflating the media.
This is a beautiful game.
Apparently no one wants to face this game.
It is so bad that it is vaguely like a woman.
You are next to the plates.
We must be part of the microcosm of art to understand the stunning beauty of the truth of this work.
But you simply have no legitimacy to make a comment, since you have not spent countless decades studying and flattering large artists.
The important thing is not that Emile is not able to draw up and appear to be obsessed with the same subject.
What is important is that it has really succeeded in becoming truly rich and famous with no artistic capacity.
That is the art of the art of the art.
No, it is a cochon.
The Inclusion of Emile
That is not really a fact.
It is rather an opinion.
Unless the only thing you can appreciate are realistic reproductions of dogs that smoke by playing the billard.
Judging art may be problematic, but not in that case.
It is much more than simply representing the real.
If you look for this, a photo machine will do the business.
The author also talks about Emiin's expresism.
Look again and let the image speak for itself, without comparing it to the kind of design you might prefer.
If it is so easy, why do you not do it yourself?
There is still savings to be made: equivalence activities, the number of horses of Republican Guard or the status of generals who are no longer in active service....
(FR) (honesty compels France to reduce its workforce, but as all countries have done, sometimes even more drastically, starting with Great Britain.
It is only half encouraging...
The operational system without the support, it quickly finds its limits!
This is a singular approach, at a time when we are observing the weaknesses, the shortcomings of our defence tool, particularly in the Sahel.
A bad blow for the local authorities concerned, who lose a dimension of their activities, or even part of their history.
Where is the sanctimonious sanctuary?
@ jmond: that is what I was saying, and look at where to make savings but, above all, not to me, in my home, it really is not possible...
That is exactly what you propose to do, look elsewhere where waste is certain.
The fact that all those who have had little or nothing to do with military action dare to say here, the eyes in the eyes that there is no money squandered in this perimeter, without any laughing over...
Whether the same thing applies to the whole of the civil service and public finances will be a little better.
And, for Joi: look at public employment inflation in other ministries, and you will understand why defense can be thought to be a little packed!
Yes, yes, the economies on which everyone agrees that they need to be done, must it be somewhere, not?
Lack of a pot, those on whom it is killed, when it happens to the poor, the poor.
It would be a crime, but above all it would not fall to me because, in this case, it is a crime and not an economy.
Gudesk, goes!
In what way will the Val de Grace shut down our defence tool in the Sahel?
As far as local authorities are concerned, history is repeated with every closure of post, maternity, hospital and barracks.
But everyone is, of course, for the economies.
It is bizarre, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and does not look forward to savings made in public spending.
This article really is the most staggering rigmarole I have ever read!
This awkward moment in which the first three people are making the same bad joke.
It was the demise to challenge its Facebook thread and to see that 80% of its friends began their statutes with the phrase “this awkward moment. ”
I believe they will make a film.
He will surely be basing himself on hilly scenes where someone falls by chance on his former bus on the bus by going to work and only to see where his skirt has returned to his trousers.
It is not embarrassing, it is completely clandestine.
Not really, in my opinion, adopts the role of the typical British man who has always been taught to bury his emotions and to shake his teeth.
I am sure that if you are a Kate Bush fan, the announcement of his return on the scene after 25 years of absence was something strong.
You will be aware that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to know who will have the rights?
I do not have the Internet.
So I do not think I can comment.
Not having a computer.
My god, I need that film before you die!
I am not sure how much this article is the most incredible rigmarole that I have ever read!
Charlie has just shown that he is at the top of the cosmic world of satirical journalism!
I would like to turn my attention to this.
It is absolutely essential that I agree with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter that they should finally be illuminated and discover the incredible megurance and insurmountable genius that lurks Mr Brooker's keyboard as a divine glimmer.
Good luck, it really was null and void.
Especially if it is not women or the trawlers.
I am a parasite.
This shows a positive development within democracies: the rise of regional policies and effective voluntary initiatives.
So far, we have confiscated the right to save our planet by states that are playing the buck at every meeting in order to save the planet.
We therefore decide, citizens, to take matters in hand.
All these fine recommendations have been stolen from the Commissioner, whom they have planted with their energy.
Tracisz: Eoligans and farms are tomorrow's Ronds.
All this is financed by the congested con-trible.
Please stop this pro-nuclear discourse.
Pollution is not restricted to CO2.
Radioactivity is much more harmful to its waste and in the event of an accident.
As long as the sector is not fully controlled, it is better to limit it to laboratories.
Renewable energies are our only salvation, provided of course that our consumption is drastically reduced.
Renewable electricity to combat CO2 emissions?
France is not in any way affected.
Nuclear power is zero CO2 emissions from CO2 to production and epsio for other steps.
Electricity from wind or PV is already more than GV on the other stages and, above all, gas, or worse coal, as in Germany, to compensate for the intermittance.
Replacing nuclear power by means of wind or PV renewable renewable energy would run counter to the fight against CO2.
Christian I am not insulting you, as a State Doctor in Physical Sciences 1981, I made nuclear research into nuclear physics. I challenge you to prove contrary to what I said.
As far as I did not say it was you who gave me some ideas I did not say anything about Germany, in fact you did not respond to what I said and as all the right-wing people demolish the interlocutor I never do.
I also quote from the experts mandated by the German Government: Germany ’ s current programme for renewable energy sources is a non-profitable and inefficient way to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions and should be stopped.
0 if you do not rely on the extraction of uranium and construction, and if you do not count the least greenhouse gas osteneffect as it is, and if you are not counting on two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant, you are talking about two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant, and a little in the water. rivers.
I stopped reading when you talked about Pakistan as a ‘ giant in South Asia ’.
Last time, Pakistan won.
It does not surprise me, most of the Indians who make comments want to read and comment only on articles against Pakistan.
In fact, it shows your state of mind.
That would have been the same if they had described the India as the giant of South Asia...
I have nothing against the fact that some Pakistani players are involved, but having an Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would simply open up a Pandora's box full of corruption and mafiosi.
As for the ISL, today's opening match has been surprisingly interesting, the Athletico of Kolkata is 3-0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan still has a long way to go.
Compared to the billions and billions that India spends on IPL and now football, how could we ever compete with our 'noisy neighbours'...
The race for cosmos is running out.
It is a shame for such a fine project.
As far as the incident is concerned, there is a failure of a possible design if a cold helm is too cold.
So perhaps there is not a lack of design, but implementation...
Unlike a private company, it appears that soyouz belongs to the Russian state...
And if the rule is the same as the state is its own insurer.
They will be able to pay the satellites into frigates who know.
This is all the more unfortunate because many media are covered solely by the articles - and many readers are only holding these securities.
All this creates a false impression which is contrary to the content of the article itself.
All in agreement with you, the title is not appropriate, it unjustly calls into question the project when it is only a problem of an open mind.
