The functioning of medieval societies is a legacy of these older mythical and religious structures, there is a continuation.
As Westeros looks more like the Middle Ages, we'll think about it more easily.
Essss have some more antique guys, like slavery, cessons that make thinking about Rome and Greece, has the East.
I had only one experience of work, in a thrift, I had to accept and order for the staff, almost all of the time we were pressure and I didn't have the right to stop (even after having to work 6-7 hours of displayed) before having finished all the orders. Reports and deliveries.
At the beginning it was cool but hard, I was happy to do something else for once that stay at home, as well I was earning money and it made me do sports so it was all stupid.
When one day one of my colleagues with whom I worked and what would I say?
You'll get your foot to do the orders.
He and me have never been heard despite my multiple attempts (to share out the tasks).
At the end of the day, there were several orders and we also had to make the inventory of the fridge, so I tell her that I agree to make the inventory of the fridge if he does the rest of the orders.
He agrees.
I'm finishing the work and go home.
Next Monday, I'm called upon to say that there is a big problem that the orders that would have been made have not been made.
They are that my colleague had "forgotten" to do his job except that, instead of admitting him, he rejected the fault on me, I at the beginning did not understand what was going on, we were asked to go to do it in emergencies, in 15 minutes it was settled.
Then we told me in royal calm that everything was my fault and I'm made redundant.
I am not particularly trying to fight (the hotel was in court), I had a plane ticket programmed in 1 month to break off the island for 6 months, so it was moving some way and leaving me some time to move.
Nevertheless, I always have this betrayal, this betrayal, and for a first working experience it's really zero that it is over like that.
LREM's wet dream is coming true.
Waah, you tell me that I'm like Schiapa?
<unk> <unk> <unk>
> Well, not because once again, you deliberately ignore all the historical background of the thing, that is, a few thousand years of injustice men / women and a culture still machismic.
You can't make a law, a rule, without context.
Doing a box "between white" is the same, you would forget a few centuries of slaves of black people.
Your reasoning is not biased actually, it is dishonest because you refuse voluntarily to take into account the reality of today's society and its historical foundation because they don't favor your reasoning.
And you ignore all the historical background of segregation between men and women in favor of segregation as the only solution to the problem we're talking about.
And you blame me to extrapolate?
You go completely against other solutions, pretending to have to espouse this one, because the situation makes it necessary.
But on an application that knows the identity of all speakers, who can know their position, who notes them, who receives comments from customers, etc.
Do you really think that there is really no solution only for segregation?
And when I propose the port of weapon, you do not claim to oppose it for ideological reasons, like me, I oppose segregation for ideological reasons, but because it's forbidden.
But sexual discrimination is also banned!
> Go, let's be crazy, propose.
Because here, so that you stop telling you on this tick box, the solution is that BlaBlai is proposing the same thing to men, which will serve only to dalle and will not make any progress at all, but solve your problem.
This statement shows that you don't read mine.
I don't want a case "between men".
I do not want discrimination.
As Nelson Mandela did not want the black people against whites, he wanted the end of racism.
You're thinking so much about you that you don't realize that you can defend individuals.
It's not for fear of offending men that I'm against, it's out of fear of offending everyone.
To strengthen gender discrimination in the 2 ways, prejudice, clichés, cultural differences that explain differences in access to power.
> So if it happens, a "Uber feminin" in the state, it could perhaps make fun (Edit: I specify: unfortunately, because no, basically I'm not too much for this kind of thing, I just said that the simple fact that this measure is taken shows that The basic problem is real).
Ah well from the demos, obviously there would be.
The gender clichés have so permeated society.
You know that there would probably also also be strong demand for women doctors for women, for women's sports rooms, for cafés reserved for women, for women stores reserved for women, etc.
Is that what you want?
Why do you come here again if you hate this sub?
remains of your sub at the con that is r / merdeinfrance, continue to believe in your intellectual superiority by post there but doesn't make your victim here.
You insult people without praising them for fear that they will answer you but behind you come to your <unk> J to two bullets here.
Shit, but you have no consistency.
* The anarcho-communist grouping CNIL soon banned in France, following the violent attack on Google France *
Basher Netflix is paying pollitically pollic
So the furians who give us shit with their propaganda of saviour of the free world and we are laying ourselves off video games at BF1 where the French are in DLC...
The nearest sqdc is 160km and there's never anything and when yen is 4% thc and bd.
I've never returned to order on their website.
My dealer is eckled by the police.
The legalization of the friend will make me give up smoking.
Interim plugs are too stupid and the lumire is expensive in electriquité.
Each sensible question is answered by downvotes, which shows that we are on a dogma here and not logic.
Strike.
Is it possible to kick-start its nail on a Chroecast with Firefox?
I use that to look at the fair play.
Imagine if as early as your childhood, your insins had never noted your duties.
Not once.
Do you think you would have learned to write?
> It's an index that does not mean anything to say about the cold that you're going to feel, and seeing that it makes it possible to defer the two situations I was putting above, I think that it makes a worse job.
> Each network can use its own formula and tweaks... Yes but it does not mean that it's a bad thing or it's not useful.
And then if it really was off the hook, the public would quickly realize it and you would see the index serve nothing.
> To get the greatest dramatic effect.
The it is you who interpret it.
> We have no way of confirming the figure.
The formula is public.
Yeah can't buy a temperaturator, but it's derailed of two measures you can do.
It's not good to know that it's an index and that it's not perfect.
Is what you asked on r / vote?
Sdirectly the question, you should find the world ready to help you.
I'm the bikes and pedestrians that I can sap...
How did you Keep this article of shit?
Who tells you that my congelo is not full?
You have to launch a counter-sub.
What makes me most laugh is that she shit against the chicken, that we're not familiar with this here, that it's not Quebecois.
Strike, can she ever eat a soup to the sugar pois she's sugar?
and she says she is the guarantor of the culinary culture Quebec?
I think that at the moment all are of me... I hope we'll quickly cut off M Popo
r / Dego<unk> yurlife
Well, no, the sixties were 40 years old.. leyconit
As a reminder: we're told that the anti-ascée law will finally serve to stop the bad guys.
It is therefore necessary.
What we're not going to remember: crimes of aggression against physical person, aggression on the forces of order, voluntary violence, destruction of public furniture, coups and injuries exist.
That the gross crime is admissible as proof.
That the judge can already order preventive arrests if evidence of conspiracy of violence in band is made, like a call on Facebook, thanks to all the arsenal of emergency state that has integrated into the law.
So what is the need for this new, extremely liberticidal, authoritarian and authoritarian law to stop the casers?
When such a law prevents the freedom to demonstrate without order of a judge, when the proceedings can only be exercised with the assistance of a lawyer post post, so that a judge assesses the correctness of the measure, that this appeal can last for years with the presumption of guilt in the meantime, When such a law hampers individual liberties, who can support it?
The peri-piri sandwich is not worse.
The Poutine St-Hhubert is a national pride.
It's easy to quibble but harder to act.
MOdel3 is not worth 100k (<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> °)
Ha ha!
It's true that it's funny.
More seriously I think that Gerber, this Guerbère utterance and is a brand of Swiss knives.
Nothing.
The rivalry is not reciprocal you know, I don't know if the Italians know it.
And then good the role of France in Africa or criticize the government good... It's things we know or criticize already (safe Macron is our favorite sport for example).
If they want to shock us you have to do it on other things because everyone is crazy.
It's not even a subject here the piques they send us.
In addition you pass after the American and English french, so we start to have the hard cook.
And then it's counter-naturalean.
Nah... until proven otherwise you're Canadian because Quebec is not a country I learned nothing I hope.
In my country (the true one not the imaginary), too, we care for sick people and let women not give birth to the street it is alien or not, but it's not that here.
To answer your question it doesn't make me anything at all about a personal level, but if I was a woman on the point of birth or an immigrant waiting to have my citizenship, that would disturb me.
I think that in China, India and the United States they know about a radius when it comes to giving birth and I do not think they need our help there.
I notice that you don't seem to have much to say to the wife of Richmond...
TV and press, I eliminated you for a long time.
The Internet, no press either.
Youtube, I have entertainment videos of the kind like skate or skate video, or information about technical subjects of the kind the chain or the guy gives the news of space, or amazing science.
So it's safe from all the propaganda, I think.
Well, I see that you're running out without any argument while mine is very clear.
It's a shame, being even very liberal (despite what you say), I would have liked to know your counter-arguments to enrich my considerations on the subject.
Malcolumn, as usual, you have nothing smart to say.
Personally, I would like what we have a bit more liberals on this sub, but unfortunately your contributions are not really.
Let me ask you a question, a bit of charge, but it will take you 1 minute to answer it.
You say that a carbon tax would not work because the population would reject it.
Illustration, yellow belts.
So my question is: when do you make such a statement, it's bad faith or ignorance?
Macron tax the poor and redistribute to the rich.
It's strictly the opposite of what the consensus says to do.
It's not because Macron says it's a carbon tax that it's a carbon tax.
So, are you "knowledge" in economics not allowed to see the stron of macro?
Ignorance?
Or do you know very well the yellow belt does not oppose the carbon tax as described by the consensus but you pretend to confuse both in bad faith?
I'm full of Help because I don't understand your position.
/ r / <unk> tsdemie
Saint-Benny.
The best of both worlds.
/ r / lotedditors
What is your sect?
Every two days, white skin (without it doing too bad, if it's too bad, enrich too much) and reapply the acid.
Then again.
When you see a black thing, it's a good sign that the verstreet is in the process of creeping over, normally after a few grubbing-up cycles / reapplication the black thing ends with the skin and the brothel left.
Miam.
Nan, it's the good old models, just reticent and equipped with "harklet" (because the Boeing patent expired).
The point of LMAD is that modern antiracists are bad guys not good friendly with moderates while MLK was sweet with them.
It's bullshit.
King was radical, and foreshadowed radical actions that disturbed, and whites hate him.
King wouldn't have a dozen centrist lamb, it was an anti-imperalist, often anti-capitalist that understood the &gté of direct militant action, popular or not.
It's hypocritical and anhistorical to use it as an example of media, he would have spilled on your medisummer the * boys *.
> They destroyed social dialogue.
This to the assignment who downvotes me just because he doesn't agree with me.
\\\\\\
Low on Fesse-Bouc: # en, too, there are hooks of chicken...
Yes I know Hermes but it never stolen <unk> <unk> from elsewhere, they did A5 with the launcher part of Hermes, but the shuttle ever stolen!
The nearest that we have a vehicle planting is the IXV but it's close for people, and no capsule has ever been really finite and missed.
Hence the sentence "Europe has never had an inhabited program"
Unfortunately, there was no choice (it was a rebellious, like emaüs) but I agree that it would have done even more beautiful lines
> tell me if you find somewhere an effective political entity that is rising in less than two months.
You transform the question.
I didn't ask for a political movement.
Just that they learn to demonstrate in the legality, without provoking scrap, that they learn to clean their rank among those who muddy their message.
Then if you really want to talk about a political movement, even if it hurts me to make them a pub, you have to recognize that they're moving quickly to work.
> All the more because because of policies, it's what I explained, it's a movement that created itself in the defiance of representation.
> We reap the will of our political classes to limit democracy to the vote.
The representation is not the fruit of the wishes of current policies.
It goes back much more and it's difficult to conjure for a country the size of France.
And especially the maintenance of the traditional operation of the 5th Republic was privileged by the majority of French people who had the opportunity to vote for a candidate who proposed an opening toward a 6th republic with fewer representation, professional assemblies,... (not perfect, but the least worst candidates in my opinion).
So no if we are still in the same system (shit, we agree) it's because of a choice of the people.
It's a puerile to put the blame on politicians.
Where, then, do you have to explain to me why rather than accusing.
> The forces of order must respect a graduated response and not target your head.
We agree on this, and there are some bad elements in the police who will perhaps have done it express.
But I really think that in such a confusion you can find yourself touching the high part of someone's body without having targeted this place.
and it's true that there will be lais-pass for the police and that it's not normal.
> The work of the police is also to protect the population, including the one that manifests itself.
Can she really protect the GJ cans if the protests are not declared?
Is what they give him the means to do the job they ask him?
Is there not a certain degree of leniency on the part of GJ with regard to the assignments and a desire to break with the forces of order?
> They destroyed social dialogue.
This to the assignment who downvotes me just because he doesn't agree with me.
We can obviously not even argue his point of view on an anonymous forum without being silenced by the first type that does not support his question the shape of the movement... Yeah, the policies that destroy the social dialogue.
> He is horrified by the lack of organization and the violence it generates.
Really?
I think they don't care.
It's the tax of the lambda French who will pay the repairs.
Not policies whose salaries are not subject to tax, nor the super-rich who put it in tax havens.
I think they see themselves as seeing that the working classes and middle classes are each tearing apart for the benefit of the élites.
On the other hand, if he takes a look in the trouser in Marlente Sachibaa after having put his hand in the cool for losing the challenge of fobbing up a homophobic joke to try to forget the homophobic joke not funny, it could try to see the fair play maybe..
> Rachline or Bay.
For me, it's second knife, we saw all Philipt who had a much stronger impact on the RN, since ben the guy is dead politically.
I think that the only one that could possibly release Marine is Marion and it's clear she can do a card.
You're really snowflake for a lmao image.
It's funny, because all of it, to a letter near...
I take advantage of this to do the promise of / r / ivrevirgule
The coq "Tire-mont finger"
Unfortunately, on the other hand, on the other hand, the map is season, I paid €100times. I went there 30 times.
/ r / character + / r / jesusisuneharacacupire = / u / Stratajaloi
The article was false, rather 25k.
And any automatic action must be validated by a moderator.
In this case it will hit the other wine regions.
I understand, my redddin Cadetgift's time too took a step backwards!
He murmura quietly silent his prayer: "Oh Grand Ouin-Ouin, keep us from the nakes" and tallamamious.
It's my guy.
There are two ways to draw attention: to be the highest voted or the most downvoted.
Thanks for having contributed.
I think that the SQS would have a competitive edge and your plan will never be approved by the government of Quebec (CAQ, Libéral, PQ, QS).
From the cottage with the oil link, maybe?
I'm in the same case, dev for 6 years, I've been unable to find the motivation for 2 years, I'm going to last for the job and spend a lot of time reading articles or trainers on Reddit.
The worst thing is that my company is happy with me.
I lost the interest of the job, a new project will motivate me a few weeks and, after all, nothing.
Fuck of worries about my elder, she is addicted to social networks WhatsApp and snapshat.
I'm going to crack and limit by the livebox.
She told me that r / france was a network of old cons.
> It's just that Spoiler alert: they don't go on sites like Reddit.
And at the same time, I would have trouble advising someone to have more confidence in guys than in a health professional, diplomatically diplomatically.
Because if he goes on Doctissimo I don't give him a long time to live:)
In addition to that, the last time I went into a pharmacy: "Hello, I'm going to go on the trip and I would like a repulsive against mosquitos.
- Yes, we have classic spreads.
But otherwise, we have that, it's homeopathy, you take a tablet and the mosquitos are shaking you.
\\ - From homeopathy?
Against mosquitoes?
\\ - Yes, yes.
And I tried, it works!
And when I was small, my family doctor prescribed me to this too!
Well, at least I can say that from my personal experience it really serves nothing of these things;)
In short, the malaise is deep...
There have not been a cross-party video on the other day that talked about the stressful effects?
But if!
"ah it has been badly used!
But the weapon is not in question! "
It would be between the NRA on frows.
r / ghostal nipple
Wednesday I ended * * A short story of the time * Stephen Hawking.
As much as three quarters of the book made me feel smart because I understood everything, as much as the end, I don't have to give up a paragraph in the short run, or else we can start again!
I will certainly try it again in VO, to see if it's because of the translation.
This morning I started * * The Open Power of Power * *, the first book of the "late Kosigan" cycle of Fabide Ceruutti.
From the fantasio, who mentions G.R.R.R. Martin and Jaworski as influences.
In a few pages, I'm not going to go too far to judge the pen, but so far I like!
The very short format of chapters is perfect for reading in transportation at any rate.
Liseah did not really make any mistake, the PQ ended the same score as they started the campaign.
There was a slow rise to 24-25% on the day of the 3 in debate and the PQ is back in 17-18% this week.
I'm still perplexed about the exit from Lisée during the 3rm debate.
He could have played it out and maybe the PQ could have gone back in 26-27%, see CAQ the position of those who can beat the PLQ but the pro-CAQ narrative was firmly installed since the Louis-Hebert partial.
The Lisée plan did not work.
People did not want so much of a progressive social democratic alternative.
Those who vote on the left went to QS and Monic of Terregood to the CAQ.
He stayed at PQ for the sovereignists pure and hard.
I just hope that we've learned of this, the time to be reasonable is over, QS has picked up young people by offering the most half-bak-baked program that I saw from my life.. I already see the media that are starting to get Hide to the front stage, not that I don't know. It doesn't like it but it's going to be more of the same.
There must be an independent independence, even if it means taking a step backwards and accepting that we will not take power by 2022.
2 cents.
Hartarin
He completely escaped me but I did not have all the notions to understand some of the heard (well there was no internet at the time).
S<unk> for me he got bonded with the age.
MEpr2Klass
At reading, in a neutral text, I think it is far better to read the text that directly avoids the genres than to read bigenré or non-genre.
The iel (he or she), mole or cle cle (brother or sister), brother (brother or sister) make reading very difficult, while we have the chance to speak French with a rich vocabulary that allows us to avoid these words * easy *
How do I deal with the official mobile app to replicate a comment?
Long support firm the arch, but impossible to replicate, and it's shit
> So nothing about the status of [Brexit in general] for the moment if I understand correctly.
Scret
> Sometimes French young people don't want to exercise.
Hu, no.
They take the salaries that bosses don't want to give to a Frenchman.
The Job-Que-Free Job-Quégaine is not a salt imagined by the bourgeois who never trampled their feet in a job.
> I would like to know how it's to find yourself a job in Quebec? (salary / requirements in general).
It's the job shortage in IT in Quebec and very easy to find work, even with "just" a DEC. If, for example, you want to be developer .Net you will not wait for so long so much is sought.
The salary will vary greatly depending on the employer: SMEs, Governance, consultants, etc.
You lose nothing to send your CV to know more.
That said, I invite you to look at the general package.
One of my regrets is to have worked at the beginning of the career in poorly organized SMEs with salaries that are not so interesting and not pension funds or other benefits.
Many SMEs boast about having a cool culture but going to propose ridiculous salary increases every year.
Take time to store, the market is at your advantage!
> And if someone did a Dec-B-Bc computer path in IT, is it worth continuing?
I have the same profile and I never regretted having a Bac.
The only thing is that in retrospect, I would have liked to do more software because it's more applied to what I'm like.
The Bac in Info at Laval, at the time at the very least, counting lots of more theoretical classes not so interesting.
At Bac vs. DEC it really depends on what you want to do in the longer term.
It's not everyone who demands it, but having a Bac opens up more doors if you want to spend an Archtect day one day or to make the management of projects or other management positions.
Not if you have any other questions, I'm in Quebec and I know the market well to recruit for more than 10 years (well, I'm getting older).
It comes from the page FB "GC Shitpost 3000", which is, I must say, quite high quality.
FRANKAIS!
Think: the human trail is innaceptable.
A day will have to be realized that you are in a self-destructive exercise to overthrow values.
By legitimizing illegal entry to the country you'll destroy it, but who knows, probably you need to table our society so dysfunctional that it causes the envy of the entire world.
> He danced on music.
Csçpt
Firefox has a very bad reputation in terms of memory leakage.
So much for you if it's going well for you.
You just came to shitty about the people who talk about their Windows problem by specifying that you have a better OS?
dear r / BringbkMarchais, dear communist, you should also post on the massacres perpetrated by your communist comrades in the past.
We start by putting your house in order.
CQFD <unk> <unk>
It always depends on how much people are looking for.
A poor "or or VPN + VPN + got obtained via gifs bought via gifs" will largely be enough to the lambda or the guy who wants to buy drugs on the internet.
But a real joke anonymity amounts to leading a double life, quite a lot of fries and time, and the slightest mistake can blow you up.
No, there are none.
Le your hand in a laser uv, it's cold and you will have cancer in 5 minutes.
Because the solar radius is high it's hot. There are eggs, but it's unbundled.
The average French who makes skiing is just as much a carcinogen at the end of the day, yet he didn't get warm.
First, I'm not very offended.
I just think it's a lack of sensitivity towards the victims and especially their families.
My indignation is more about the author of the pictures who wanted to do money with, I imagine.
I can only speculate about his real motives.
It's hard to imagine you who tragically lost one or loved ones and see pictures in a fiction work.
Not a reconstruct of so-called events to the news, not a documentary, not a movie on the subject but a completely detached thing.
People who give psychological and moral support to survivors always recommend avoiding news ballot papers for several weeks.
There are too big events to avoid them acutely, as 11 September mentioned earlier.
The families of the victims of 9 / 11 didn't watch * Flight 93 *, neither the French documentary on firefighters, nor the movie with Nic Cage, etc.
But if we used the pictures of the towers that scared out in a movie on apocalypse, they would be right to feel scorned or insulted.
For Bird Box's case, it's a sequence of what, barely 2 seconds, and still?
But it's a bad thing for someone who lost his family in a monster accident and tries to distract himself with a good suspense of horror for in the middle of the movie to review the explosions that took him his wife or his children or friends...
The problem is that laziness in fiction makes actions insensitive to their producers.
It's not obvious to make an explode of this intensity and it costs an arm.
Why not take a real?
Well, maybe "because people died" could weigh a bit more in the balance.
No, clearly.
You need to say that it's mostly popular among the extreme right nationalist parties.
What, like other parties, for a freelance?
And then these two years have at least proven the difficulty of negotiating agreements with 1 against 27.
saying "this, but non-ironically"
Through its Bock-<unk> té writings attempts to solidarity white people and dissociate black people.
Well, seen for some of them!
And well answer for iOS...
Only if you want, for example, to install Spotify but you don't want it to enter the list of contacts, Spotify will not work...
Not everything is really replace.
You'll be told, just as you've been told, that there is, among others, Dezer among others.
I want POTIFY and nothing else... Well, you're easy.
> PQ was in power or the anglos were histeric.
The Francos too were hysterical, let's not get your head in the sand...
The creator's creator is an unqualified fan of E.Macron.
English-speakers died
BEN THE, TU FEMS EN TBARNACKK AVEC BEIT BENANSNCE
At the same time, being in Barcelona does not mean heat all year.
It's a port city, after all.
(The guy of my oncle lives in an old building, in the center of Barcelona, the thermal insulation is filled, then he also doubts in winter and probably shares your pain)
I'm not thinking about your thinking.
I'm interested in ideas, not people.
I think it's legitimate to have a fear about the immigration of people from other continents with other cultures and how to perceive the world.
It's even normal to see it there as wild people, it's a completely human reaction to preservation.
What is not like you or family-friendly awaits a fear, a curiosity seeing a rejection.
Especially when he can see some of the immigration problems (the examples he gives).
I think it's legitimate for a population to have fears about immigration.
And I think it's less legitimate to mock them.
> It's not arguments, it's bullshit.
It repeats, repeats and repeats again, when something is annoying, it's excited not to understand what it annoys it for the sole purpose of mapping out a message.
Sometimes it has interesting arguments.
And he is interested in a subject that is close to her heart.
We don't judge people who regularly post ecology for example, although it's close to them.
After the joke of debates, it's something else, everyone can interpret things differently.
> It repeats, repeats and repeats again [...] for the sole purpose of mapping out a message.
Ah, hold, another xenophobic girl!
Unbelievable, you're multiplying!
We must fear the great replacement? "
> It's like the pub.
When you say, repeat, that in such a store it's cheaper, that there is such a reduction, etc.; it's not arguments.
The goal of the message is not to be an argument.
The goal is to exist, and to occupy space.
Here, yes, we can agree.
> There's no bottom.
There is nothing other than the expression of deep hatred of those he has identified as foreigners.
I think there is a fund.
He thinks immigration is not something Batiatique according to him.
So he tries to draw attention to what seems important to him and the negative side.
Not that he has a problem with people in particular (like a French immigrant more than French) but with the principle of multi-culturalism, demography and religion.
In fact, I don't know anything about it but it speaks to me in this respect.
I think a quote from one day on the forum to support my first point (fortunately I was remembered for the name of the author).
> The oldest attitude, which is probably based on solid psychological foundations since it tends to reappear at each of us when we are placed in an unanticipated situation, consists of repudiating cultural forms purely and simply: moral, religious, social, aesthetics, which are the most remote of those we identify with.
"savage abides of wild," it's not from us, "" we should not allow this ", etc..., so many gross reactions that translate this same chilling, this same repulsion in the presence of ways of living, believe or think that we're alien to us.
Anticity, for example, was confusing everything that did not participate in Greek culture (then Greco-Roman) under the same name of barbarians; Western civilisation then used the term wild in the same direction.
But behind these epithetes is the same judgment: it is likely that the barbaric word refers to the confusion and the inarticulation of the birds' song, opposed to the meaning value of the human language; and wild, which means "forest", evokes a gender as well. Animal life as opposed to human culture.
[...] > This thought attitude, in which we reject "wild" (or all those we choose to consider such) outside of humanity, is precisely the most striking and instinctive attitude of these savages.
[...] > Humanity stops at the borders of the tribe, from the linguistic group, sometimes even from the village; to such an extent that a large number of so-called primitive population names themselves a name that means "men" (or sometimes - will we say with more discretion? - "Good", the "excellent", the "complete"), implying that other tribes, groups or villages do not participate in the virtues or even human nature, but that they are all at most "bad", "bad guys", "land monkeys" or "d'Poor eggs."
We often go so far as to deprive the foreigner of this latter degree of reality by making a "ghost" or "appearance".
For example, there are curious situations where two interlocutors are cruelly replicating.
In Grandes Antilles, a few years after the discovery of America, while Spaniards sent investigative commissions to search for if or not the indigenous people had soul, the latter used to immerge white prisoners, in order to check, through prolonged surveillance, if their corpse was prolonged. It was or not subject to puberfaction.
[...] > By refusing humanity to those who appear to be the most "wild" or "barbarians" of its representatives, we are only using them one of their typical attitudes.
The barbaric, it's the man who thinks in barbarity.
> * * When you study such facts - and other areas of civilisation, like social institutions, art, religion, it would easily provide similar things. We'll just wonder if human societies do not define themselves, given their mutual relations, by a certain optimism Diversity beyond which they're not going to go, but below which they cannot, either, get out of danger. "
> More diversity, and it's relationship with other cultures that find themselves compromised.
Less diversity, and it's every culture itself that is in danger.
[...] Too many differences, and the gap becomes insurmountable; not enough differences, and identity dies.
* * > I protest against the abuse of language by which, increasingly, we come to confuse racism and normal, legitimate attitudes even, in any case, inevitable.
Racism is a doctrine that claims to see in the intellectual and moral character attributed to a set of people the necessary effect of a common genetic heritage.
We can't fit under the same heading, or automatically blame the same prejudice the attitude of individuals or groups that their loyalty to certain values makes partially or completely insensitive to other values.
He isn't guilty of putting a way of living and thinking it above all the others and having little attraction to such or such whose kind of life, respectable in himself, is moving away by too much of the one we are traditionally attached to.
This relative incommunication may even represent the price to pay so that the values systems of each spiritual family or community remain, and find in their own funds the resources necessary for their renewal.
If as I have written elsewhere, there is a certain optimism among human societies beyond which they can't go, but below which they can no longer get out without danger, we must recognize that this diversity results for a large part of the desire of each culture to oppose those surrounding it. They don't know, they don't ignore them, they don't ignore them, they borrow on occasion, but in order not to perish, it must be that, under other reports, there is a certain impermeability.
> The company knew.
They were aware of it.
WHAT THE FUCK DUDES!
It's certain that it's easier to say than to do, but a company that leaves it deserves you resign.
I'm not working for the world who against kitchen to you.
So the liquid glass there doesn't have molecle shit him... hum...
In fact, the sun is very dangerous behind a slightly nautical sky, because IR / UV rays arrive on the guy without you trusting you.
You know, these days when you feel like a eyes because the sky is really luuminous, although we don't see the sun.
We say special adviser from the Élysée.
For the moment, he's on the departure.
We can also say the DSK-boy choice, or mec with whom Macron wanted to raise a cultural startup if he didn't win the presidential elections.
Or ex Havas.
And then, it may not be bad either.
It's already good that we understand nothing from the message because of that.
> The White Lords are shouting about freedom of expression.
It's not sure what they think in France edges the white lords as you say.
You have another subjects that are of interest to them more.
This subject is really an americo-americain subject.
/ r / ocuus / / r / gopreo / / r / EatChaaphHealthy /
Of course, but she was (Norwegia) punished by law.
Indeed not a lot, even if it's more or less recent.
Also, financed by Videtron, the government of Quebec and the government of Canada.
André Savé and the whole team to generic...
In connection with RBO: just like RBO, today if we give people this sketch the chance to express themselves, I am not bad that they won't defend themselves bec and soul what they're doing.
After all, society is changing, we would not do the same sksketch today... Tk I hope...
> Parcellure Puex, I looked for some time...
Especially since the appliance consumes massively.
LCD < CRT, portop portable < desktop ATX, light LED <unk> <unk> t; fizzle.. Meme for the fris and maybe the lay-x-xxx
It's deleted.
On the other hand, this is not the first time you have taken over for the spam with a request for moderation with comments rather than carryovers and / or modesty.
Last warning about this subject.
integrationist integration, it has bases in terms of dev and it is graph, the best combo if it is looking for another job in the IT.
But here we need to redo training.
Otherwise, it's the algorithm on her free time, I'm sure she will arrive there.
Ah, anyway...
The FI is less than 10%... the "GJ support" trick seems nice and pretty rotten.
If you don't vote against French speakers, you're not an angryphone.
But no, Just the CRS / GM / Baquthem that shoot up with their mastery weapons below the rules, those who work on several women and men on the ground, those who follow orders idiots by a hierarchy at the ramen and A minister in strawberries.
Their first claim is' Macron Demissid '
> It's not always wonderful for the owners either.
Whatever happens, the owners are still owners of the building; it makes them a capital with which they can borrow to invest and thus have more money.
Let them at least have the decency not to shit...
All the same, I'm rather happy (after 1 year at Freemile for about the same offer and the same price but not the same network).
Go to a newspaper.
Make every time, every time.
In the end, it's the one with the best documentation that wins.
The advice is clearly advice, clearly.
We're Saturday morning.
You're in a second state and prepare you for it "I'll still be late in the college!"
You arrive on the semi-deserts, the bell has already come back.
While you're engulfed in the building, you'll cross the main "Ah madpoelle Bubu, finally!
But don't cut off, you're waiting in A108! "
Four to four, you get the steps.
A108?
You don't remember such a room, by the way by thinking about it, this entire institution you're not known.
How did you arrive there, first?
Are you at home, late... and after?
Nothing makes sense anymore.
At the next turning point will be A108, you know it in your interior.
You're hesitating for a moment in front of the door.
You can hear voices, chairs of chairs, then an adult ordered to silence.
The course is apparently to start, can you be that you're not so late after all!
You penalize in the room... Your simple presence order the silence requested earlier.
Students set you and the adult now pushes a sigh of relief while seeing you "ah you, they're all to you!"
He leaves the room, leaving you alone to face up to thirty children aged 12 years old.
You're banned.
A pupil sitting in the front row lifts your hand.
By reflex, do you sign him to express himself "What are we going to study today, Madam?"
You have the nausea.
What is happening?
No, no! You're telling you.
I can't work for national education! Forum Libre - 2019-022 / 22 halls: / / www.Redddit.com / r / france / Heljx62 / Forum _ Free _ 20190122 / eep5uhk / 445 21535 Noooon!
-- Towt rotten / 10.
Thanks to everyone.
You're stupid.
And you, the bullshit, downvote me this shit.
The last one... He threw eggs per land?
A European list of GJ led by Levavasser was confirmed.
I'm in North so this part was interesting, I don't know the Basque country at all, but I thought I was a bit caricatural!
(same thing for Welcome to the Cttis xD).
Apparently, this author loves the Basque country, I saw that another of his novel was going down as well.
I will move on to Station Eleven after having finished Reind, thanks to the advice:)
The big French schools do not have the criteria to fight in the same course.
That's why Paris-Tech or Paris Saclary were created, to do a Faculté of the Harvard scale...
> According to the article you have shared, he does not come to play in front of him in front of the guy but is trying to interpose between those who insult the gatherings and the kitchens.
In the complete video, we still see exactly that the Indian, who is a democrat, comes to the middle of young rigged young people and tap on her fanfare in the ears of the young person in question.
If he had done that in front of young black people, it would have shrunk.
LaourdupasPope - educational > oupa)
Your method of setting up all those who are not Brunet as necessarily manipulated or creative against the FLN because of "leftist", while refuting their qualifications, they say extremely long on your ideology.
Your accusations blame each other's mistakes, rely only on links that only have a report that's only a light (cf your first links and their content) with the subject.
You're saying to your sources what they don't say, and I showed you (except on Brunet blog that supports the opinion of Brunet (surprise!), and the other pay).
Why don't you do it when you don't do it yourself?
comment that corrects sympathisers
Nobody posted a "r / right", surprised.
Well, here I'm always confused... I always downvote the post and comments...
Pretty but at what age?
With or without the consent of the parents?
And of the child?
And children's rights?
I have people in my entourage who have between 16 and 18 years.
Are they considered a child?
I would be homophobic because I'm "going back" in the onset / onslet dhaspsporia?
While I'm attracted by femininity?
idiot Completion.
This subreddit doesn't even bear the germ of speeches about abstract work and the dissociation value and is therefore intrinsically conservative.
Moreover, the voting system pushes the consensus and discourages the arrival of minority ideas, new source of conservatism.
>! Excuse.!!
It is enough at least to check if it turns on your computer and let you lay some bases.
It's little, of course, but a lot of games can end up in 10-15h of game, you need to set a limit.
I think all these behaviors that you deecute will be erroneous with time if we will have more anonymity.
We will be much more comedian, more friendly with people in trouble (Meme if you're perhaps paying more attention than if we're not going to know their proliferators), maybe so banal will be so banal that no one is paying attention and the flim flim. This abuse will not be able to spy because... it has no anonymity and we can know that he Stalin his exam.
Edit: I know it's hard to see more, because in the short term, we will have abuse without doubt.
But in the long run, I think we have a lot to win.
Bof, it's really good to be proud of his ancestors and company but what about his accomplishments?
This person obviously still has everything to prove.
I, too, tomorrow I can go and say watching our monuments is something other than a hub in the jungle always is that I'm so unable to build a hub than to err a monument.
Let you understand me well the attitude of those who attack him is despicable but answer to it by losing his cold blood with a rethororie that for the dwellers who have later validated their ideas is not malical.
There's nothing healthy in a debate where you ask as an argument to watch what whites did without them the world would be nothing.
Just as there is nothing healthy to refuse to study authors or a part of the story for reasons like we find in the article.
> So, talking about race in France, it's the first step of racism but it's not racism.
Um, so the first step to be racist isn't sickness...
And then may people say "the race" has the tv / newspapers or even on the radio, you say "origin"..
They make a competition of the biggest bullshit with Moudenc the infiltration of the wives.
Yes, but seriously, your because on the edge of the ad.
> In cans of powdered powder to rise.
Investigation must take place in order to take out lid blankets of cherries in Moroccan states, which are very much reported to all the Gatwaters Vacon gatwaters.
<unk>
Already more than the SQDC inventory lol
Yeah and I'm already starting to get down to vote, it's nice you didn't become insensitive, thanks!
Eeeelet, I'm pretty good at the cliché <unk>\ _ (<unk>) _ / <unk>
We don't allow this kind of thing on subreddit because:
1. You are too many with your studies
2. It falls under the self-promotion of self-promotion.
When you have a 7h-23h day...
The problem is precisely that she has never said no, always "I'm too sorry I can not..."
But I interpret it like a no
Still = 2 times
Still nothing, she didn't return to me.
I'm scary today, I'm scared that it shows too much that I want to leave (my official speech is "I want to stay, now if you want me to leave it will have to pay").
I'll relax tomorrow at worst, put you a bullshit for tomorrow afternoon:)
The libertarian retardants and their reflex Pvlovien reflex.
At least Free dué made himself burst outside of radio-can, it makes him correct my eyes.
A good representation of Saint-Relic, this one, the same one that revealed the floor of the ordinary General Assembly of Digital Digital training in Grand Schism.
This word that said to Saint Benedot of the apostLat that all the jubilation of the beautiful advertiser of ostention is to the immaculated immaculos what the allure of the Saint-seduction's allure is at the judgment of our beatitudes.
The concise II of the episco-opal Jean XXIII canonized the shitty rider according to the Latin synotique.
The bishops have repaired the ecclesiastical pastorality of the tridite missions of Emms and Saint-François, as the neo-blessing theoologists who went by there validated it and who apparently do not.
IM<unk> the instrumentum Labis of a ministeriel magel as we can see this here is directly in controversy with the Saint Kevin pump de Galle, says the Saint Quiqou, the reformed church of Berne-Jura-Soler will have only more of them. It's not necessary to put back to the day the non-anamnetic outbursts of elegotic oecetics.
Or more clearly for everyone if habeas corpus you're quotient mesh shitchen swimming shittur (inspired by strangers - weird languages)
r / nocontextext
IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IGES IT IT IT IT IT IT GOES GOES GOES GOES GOES GOES GOES GOES GOES GOIY GOTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIY
You should ask the Uberbechle wreengrammécheit head of death above.
Just to be on on.
It seems like a joke to manage this subreddit still.
I don't envy them.
Well, but your article makes rewriting statements quoted by anonymous opponent.
His doesn't really value.
Personally, I want a source with figures on the prison, the jokes and the death, by whom and why.
Knowing: we find the Pref de Cergy as a modernity in a five-city city (but in the spirit it's Dallas, US of A and all the instalment) of the movie I like Icere.
(Top film in passing)
> Mis-day: those who offend Radio-Canada Information has written an article on the falsehood of her images. Ranom; I'm really crumbled.
We really do not care about the veracity of the 2 photos?!
I never denied having found these 2 glaciers quickly on Facebook, making a montage in less than 10 minutes on PiicMonkey for kik to illustrate a concept.
> But Radio-Canada did not consider it appropriate to ask me before shouting at conspiracy (hhahahahahahaha, live the media that talk about real affairs... (sic)... serious, if you just read a single text today, read Le Devoir; The article cited first in the intrinsic part.)
> Avoiding that this will become viral, (witf, I'm looking at how it happened), I would have taken it a little more time.
(but you're not paid, I'm not paid; all this graphics work is voluntary... LOL): P But who again if the glaciers are not original?!
Their mission is to illustrate something!
You're succeeding in seeing "the big funches?!"
> The idea is to understand the urgency of an energy revolution and to think about human stupidity (melting glaciers, deforestation, the scale of tar sands, animal carnage, industrial monoculture, oligarchy, social classes, etc. c) TOUT has increased for 10 years... # WakeUpPeople # FoscusOnConcept # LOL # LesGens
Whether it is condescension on ridiculous subjects like "kik to illustrate a concept", the use of the word "fucking" in a title, the frEnglish fringes, the obvious desire for self-promotion by using the pretext, the use of hashtag or general ignorance That misinformation or deception are counter-productive to promote a cause,... this person is a good illustration of the whole problem of social media.
> For the fact that the Quebeckers are nice or not, everything depends on the attitude you have by traveling.
Yes, I already saw more warm, but the fact remains that the Quebecois stay in my top 3 side with nice ones.
Dear defined.
You have people that are super warm at first first but that you never link any link other than on the surface with them.
While you're less warm at the beginning, but that end up making friends for life.
I think that the Quebeckers are more in the 2nd category, while the ROC is more of the first say according to my experiences.
It depends or you're going too.
A squabble one Sunday after noon is not like a show show during the peak hour.
Yes it's so much the biggest problem for France the unemployed.
Not financing gasoline in rotten projects, not positions that serve no purpose, not the lack of health care and justice, and I'm going to go on.
Clearly a few unemployed who abuse it is a bigger problem, I'm sure that it's these people who lose billions every year.
Why do you not assume your illiberal words where there's no tolerance?
It's a shame.
I like their service and their mobile application.
But I imagine that the lack of taxi did not help with their profitability, because the demand is there.
We'll end up that with the 1) taxi all the rotten service of diamonds / coop / hochelaga / etc or 2) a Marade Marade company like UBER.
Judge <unk> <unk>
But in a country that is proportionately richer.
But continue to pinpoint on the internships and continue to vote for the same representatives if you think the "situation improved".
It's your absolute right\\ [Edit: and as the poverty threshold is a relative measure, we can continue this methodological debate very long: -\\ n)
I just hope that this way of thinking about inequalities will be less and less widespread.
The context plays a lot but let's try!
1 - 3: Yes.
For the 3 the context is still crucial.
4: A debate / prove from a judicial point of view, in function I imagine the influence exercised by X on Y. But good, if it's not a murderer, it's collusion with murder / accessory to murder / yeah.
5: there's no 5 bordel, I'm disappointed.
6: grey area, I imagine that by studying the level of awareness of risks (like this X is unconsciously doubt or if we heard it say "it's going to be over dozens and I don't care"), we can consider the murder.
7 - 9: no, but it's a ploy of level 2.
10: no, it's soft, but the cause-effect relationship is too difficult to establish.
11: it's far too uncertain.
It's absolutely impossible to guarantee that an action will not lead to the death of anyone, just as the opposite is the patteron effect.
So you will always arrive at scenarios or you can argue that despite the potential risk of death of some, other more worthy actions on paper would ultimately present the same risk.
My response was specifically targeted at Crédit Imp<unk> Research, not all the aid to the private sector.
Having said that, I am a little disappointed with downvotes received on my comment (I don't target you specifically), while I only gave an opinion respectful.
If you get your product from X + 3 to X + 236, either your product is already expensive and the price increase to compensate for the tax will not be felt by consumers, or it will be too important for consumers to continue to offer themselves and back to an alternative.
If you want to lower the demand to increase "only" by 1.5 ° C, is it not better to ensure that the practices that jeopardise this objective are no longer possible?
Do you want to continue making profit until it is no longer possible at all?
We already see the federal taxes.
> He won't, and he knows it very well.
Verdict: He sells a little crisis to annoy patriots, a story to convince them to continue not voting PQ at the next election.
It was also a promise of the PQ.
But for LGV it's a bigger promise because his thesis is that we can go and look for all the powers we need in Ottawa without independence.
So either Ottawa cères.
Either we're forcibly taking them like Dupless has done.
But this government does not have the opportunity to keep the status quo or it will find itself with the same referendum position as Pauline Marois.
Do you mean "what is" turning into "kecseque"?
The official campaign of the European people will be a big nMnawak.
Gozer the Voyur will arrive in a presentable form!
During the rectification of Vuldronai, the Voyager appeared like a big moving Torb.
Then, during the third reconciliation of the last solicitors Meketrex, they chose a new form: that of a giant Sloar!
Many Shubs and Zuuls knew that they were going to play in the Sloar depths on that day, I can tell you.
Was it not a vote of the Members of the European Parliament?
Because blaming LREM for a vote of a Member of the European Parliament or they were never elected, it would be strange
We can launch a 3eme under, where we put the times when the modos left a thing that we like well, or virgin something we don't like.
We could call it / r / ColaboInFrance!
The predilection is that technology develops and the cold will be more a bienot problem.
But in any case, it's guaranteed 8 years a test of test.
And it costs not $40,000 that cost $40,000 a 3 years.
Basically, the current price of replacement of battery is not important if really it's still 40k in 10 years when you need to change you just to sell the test and buy another har at this price in 10 years. The cars will be able to cost $80 000. I'm sick of the fact that test test is the best solution for the time being, wait to see the offer of the meterer who is made calm.
Elon Musk's primary goal is to get the battery down.
In the end, it's a factory a battery will always be more or more safe because everyone will need battery work.
Which is the column who really thinks has this guy?
The Anglo of the Roc of the most social justice. Wrwar-antifa who "beats" for minorists don't quit. Are a country a country.
r / photoshopbatch
Edit: I got deceased.
I was talking about Pastice in Marseille.
It's made an onslauce for two years.
A goose duck drunk it costs $900, which is what the then argument for a Quebec menu makes for $1,000. It's all reasonable to have to evaluate the stuff at the cost by use when we talk about clothes.
It's on that that is first but drunk manteaux is luxury it's worse.
The fact is that we're talking about Patrick Lagacé here. He has a lot of ways to buy himself a quartz or a Kanuk for example.
It's sure that if you're not super liquid, you don't have the choice to buy chep / raw / made in china and it's all worthy.
The best thing for you to do is to buy old overcoat in wool in wool about kjiji it's not ugly and it's really warm.
It's almost worse!
My ancestre was a Roman slap.
I'm following against the Salafis and any hope in the name of Cesar are racist!
And Casaar Palace a real anthem has the Roman climber, the fight is no longer dead but a ganggene press the patriarchate patriarchate (inert word at 100 piaste).. / s
Topic cliché.
Frenro and / or Delvega
Why do you call it crypto-tankie?
She's Le Linke but on Varoufakis liberal positions?
I'm going to settle in advance by imagining the results of bullshit
do not disappoint me, 4chan or jvc
Lol, I live in La Tuque, the nearest reseter is Wémountains and it's 120km in wooden paths for the final to get me out because white.
I'm going to order online but it's expensive the same.
At the internship there is a fatal competition you can have 7 for $30 of fucking fucking.
Here it's 10 + the gram.
buying oz it is not worth it.
I can have a mock of fucking weed intutted for $80-100 but the last two times I came out from at my home. There were 2 police har who was waiting around for the fateful block. I've been able to return to it.
Tk it's boring everything.
After the banlieus, the ecolos, now the designs are trying to expand a new whole at their party.
Coq at the bec or Scores if I'm a fanciful.
Surprisingly, most third world countries include a significant part of their foreign currencies via the remittances of their sensors abroad.
It's almost as if they are encouraging the emigration of their surplus demographic people who otherwise turn around in circles.
Go to the obvious, soil law is exploitable and is exploited by modern means of transportation.
The Pacers are cursed with the children of the country who explode:
- Danny Granger
- Paul George and his 2nd leg
- Now, it's now.
After his career is far from being over, some players find 100% of their level, and the good news for him is that he had not misled his game so that he was not only based on his explosiveness in recent years.
But it's still a very bad thing for Indy who was developing a frankly nice game this year.
They can lie the fingers of lost Tyreke Evans this summer, he could have taken the baton (even if he's bad this year)
There's no leader, however.
Maduro is an elected president.
The chamber of the representative is an elected chamber that does not go in the same direction as the government, what kind of dictatorship do we see that seriously?
Those who claim to be against the opposition and who are in prison are putschists and have taken the path of arms, and even if I consider it to be a justified form of opposition, I think the reason for their imprisonment is clear.
How can you refute the result of the May 2018 election that saw Maduro get himself re-elected, but accept that of the legislative bodies, yet organize by the same government?
There is a logic of logic here.
And again, it's dared and especially without foundation to say of Maduro that he rigged his election, the right and the extreme right boycotted the election's election the participation rate has fallen.
There's a dude who made himself banned because he has a shit attitude, he complains about / r / metaquebec.
Now the false psetic is / r / metaquebec spill on / r / Quebec
He said that the debate on France 2 was not interested in him?
He was not speaking about Macron's "big national debate" (or he said he thought he thought it was a deception)?
Because I can't see Meluche refusing a debate on TV.
Is Tarabarnack what are you the pqists nowadays?
ooooooooay.
Let me get rid of a lot of stereotypes that we find in this comment.
I'm polite, so I haven't laughed at anyone in recent days when the world (more specifically the media) broke the "storm of the century".
Well, we're fucking up!
First, I already saw worse several times in the year that I spent in Bas-Saint-Laurent.
From a person's point of view, I could easily have lauded Quebecois (who could have also laugh about Montrealese as well, because I spent a winter in Montreal as well and it was nothing compared to winter in Quebec).
Secondly, as Albertain, I could have lauded Quebecois who cancelled all the plans, sports matches etc. Because of the road conditions "so dangerous".
I haven't laughed, because I understand that it's careful not to take risks when you are not used to it.
But this storm has been like every other storm in meadows every year.
We live with, and myself, I conducted under the same conditions in cities, on the highway, in the mountains (the worst) almost always without winter tyres and always in a small char (traction before) and without incidents.
It's pretty easy, drive not like a stupid and conscious of the condition the road by testing the brakes often and when no one is close.
third, I lived in Edmonton several years.
It's bullshit your comment.
I admit that the city of Quebec is better than Edmonton (Quebec also receives like 3x the snow), but Edmonton is good in drunk snow.
The capolate world only because the small residential streets (the city has caused too much of it for urban outburst) are not treated first.
But the city quickly releases the roads for buses and other main roads.
They manage snow effectively in Edmonton.
And finally your comment from the British Colbie-British has lots of mistakes.
You're talking about the Lower Mainland (ie metro Vancouver) and forget that the other million km\\ <unk> 2 receives a lot of snow, especially in the mountains.
British people outside Vancouver are pretty used.
Better than several cities here.
Also, how many "Chinese" do you know of the west?
I don't really know the situation in Vancouver, but Alberta has a bop of people of Chinese origin including second-generation second-generation people who are as competent as the others because they were born in Alberta.
Life is not impossible, if that's what you want to hear.
But you don't recommend being in the opposition, that's all.
Imagine that the government in France starts to conditioning your allocations or access to a particular good (like gasoline) to an identity card that would contain a whole lot of info on you like your political orientation, your income, your religion, etc.
Even if it does not affect the amount of allegiances, the government exploits your data like Google would do.
What would you think if Macron announced it tomorrow?
mainstream newspapers are biased against Maduro, that's normal and that's what the majority in the West expects from them.
On the other hand, you will have to find me the false articles of Monde because it's not very complicated to slander Maduro, his politics can be criticized and it often happens to him to tell shit bullshit.
Maduro is not Chavez.
He will never get to the UN to criticize the POTUS with a shop of Chomsky in hand.
And then the situation in Venezuela goes a bit further than "oil = intervention = American interference".
It's not entirely false, but it's simplistic and it won't convince a lot of people.
Hi Bienvenue12,
Thank you very much for the compliment, I actually mounted the site alone, even if I had as a supervisor someone with Wordpress who went to order me to solve problems and for my age.... It's a hihii secret
For true since yesterday it reached other levels.
Several times I have gathered in main arteries on 2 paths each side that becomes 1 way each side, streets that become one at once, 2 accidents on the same street corner.
Sibory spa hard messenger, you can imagine how much space a tank takes, you leave that room and a little easier, separates the street in 2 or 4, take your part, and take your part.
Rallied has an intersection, and put your flashy crystit up.
It's useless it's useless to collate in lass, you just have more chance to shoot your bumper (worst mine).
He claims to an area that contains people in it.
Let me laugh about it.
I don't care about his title.
We can mock one aspect of a person without laughing at all.
This attachment to anachronistic labels and this claim to lead people based on birth is pretty laughable, so I'm fun.
It's very dishonest to say that all people who refuse to be installed at home do it by conspiracy.
Dissuspicion (that is, who will use the data reported and how?)
> After all, herbicides is used in cereal monoculture and marshit mostly no?
It's still a very large part of French agriculture.
And pesticides (larger category) are used everywhere, even in fish farming.
> And I'm not convinced that the shitty bottle offers a better balance in this matter.
I'm also against the broellion's libel, which is an abomination.
After the problem of pesticides, it's that the area concerned is larger than that of the land of culture: dispersion by winds, water...
And also the movie "Behind the door".
Who tackles the subject very well from the point of view of the family of * hikkiomori *.
And with real pieces of Pan American in <unk> lt; 3.
Cuuuuuuut, not to say it;).
> I don't know you but I've never seen a woman say something in the kind of "Dommage I would have faked you all night" after a man refused to give his number.
I'm "suffering".
Thanks to months of psychotherapy, I managed to come out in a banner of night (/ s) without fear that a guy guy obeys me.
She was punching the whisky, it was in Montpepelier.
Go not your scrap, I know what men want.
\\ # # meoo
Dur to stifle the black market when all SQDC are empty too... Why go to buy at the SQDC when you often have a greater variety of choice and lower prices in the black market.
Yes, but what about the theory of equating goats to bring down the rain?
Father Noel's theory maybe?
* For a theory to be one one, you need a list of objective facts that prove it is possible as a valid one.
* * * The runoff is not a theory, it's a fairy tale.
Welcome to us, you will finally be able to charge your cool videos 1080p60fps without putting it into the buffer beforehand.
Do you find that this text deserves a downvote?
Can you explain to me what do you disagree with?
It's a Star Wars male.
It's critty if the fuccé is prumdial pr, the snt snars.
The karma is what you get when you posts and people click on arrows next to your post.
You have the karma, which corresponds to your score compared to created subjects, and karms of comments, which corresponds to your score compared to your comments in the subjects.
I recommend that you download the RES extension to see all this more clearly, but also remember the people you upvoted / downvoted, etc.
Silent gold platinum, it's something you can buy (donations in Reddit) and make it possible to raise the visibility of a post / comment that you like.
The person who gets the gold sees some options / subs open for 1 month.
> But what about the extreme left and communism (past and current, cif Venezuela)?
1 / La "communism" was only applied in poor countries, whose regimes were unstable, violent, it's to say in conspiracies where * all * the regimes fail.
The minimum to judge communism (if as much as the countries that claimed it were, but I don't have the impression that the democracy and collective property by workers were the model applied, but let's go on) would at least be tested by a favorite minimum.
Conversely, the extreme right, we have seen what it does in all imaginable circumstances, and it's every time an horror story.
That said...
2 /... I'm not a communist, so good, I don't care a little.
3 / Venezuela has never been a communist country.
> To go far away the Nazis were generally on the social left.
It's totally false.
There was no social progress, union (it's even the opposite), or egalitarian under Nazism, and it's not because they added on the "socialist" end in their name that they conducted social policies (Marxists were also their first victims in addition to Jews).
> But it seemed deserve me because you've just repeated only FN and not extreme LES.
I don't see the point of talking about the extreme left in France because it represents less than 1% of voters, and the representation of her ideas, as well as being at the lowest possible level, is clearly declining by the world.
> I can only ask myself what companies would do if the Nazis came to power nowadays.
They would do like they systematically * systematically *: they would collaborate in their overwhelming majority.
As far as we go to the right, the Capittal does not know any enemy.
We have an example of all costs with Bolssareo.
Is he going to get fucked up, ghost someone is not what pots do among themselves.
How do I do what from you two is right?
You have 3 upvotes each: - /
It's an eastward creation of the baseline Republic of Canada.
The vote is secret so that no one knows for whom an identifiable individual voted.
Do not go back the argument.
If the vote was anonymous, we would have no identity card to vote.
CA-LO-RIE
> Asui someone from the right, surely the extreme right itself is recognised, no one else could find their management of the situation of cwr humorist.
Take your equal gas, and especially, don't make me say what I didn't say.
I just call OP's attention to the fact that it's a joke (incidentally).
There is a margin between criticizing the management of the situation (even to find it ridiculous) and reproducing point for the point of a * * typical of facchosphere.
I want to concede that we don't really know who wrote that, nor his political convictions; in the * better * cases, it's someone who's a little informed who takes back (it's in the nature of * mammies * to be taken over) a joke that has overstretched right up to the center..
The probabilities that the author night a convinced leftist or a centrist (really) enlightened are almost nil.
I took Orleans Express.
It was good <unk>
QueWAAAAAAAAL
The legs are vegetables, the sauce is vegetables and cheese in the fund is also a protein legI, so stop with your nicaires of vettable poutine cable.
Survey Colororme!
Ah well, then if there's no outrage when they don't get rid of them.
How?
I'm being told in my orette that they don't get rid of themselves?
Bouyaka Bouyaka?
All the pleasure is for me but all credit comes back to / u / Crystlide
It's not frankly a good plan to ask for a little more understanding and interpreted charity on the part of its opponents, while caricaturing them as much as possible by making shortcuts in all directions.
Well, on the other hand, it's a blatant post "so".
It's not very effective or flexible.
It's a pis-go that serves well for the programs other than browser, but much lower than the use of UBlock OOOgin.
On the phone and tablet on the other hand, where the browser is not the central program and where most do not even have a bloquor because no extensions.
(Finally Firefox for Android may have extensions that ulock OBlock; I know more about ITruc.)
I didn't know that we could manage the bickering in such a formal way with magic procedures and magic words.
It takes all spontaneity.
A subreddit of Quebecois who has not fallen badly in oblivion.
> I think it makes more article on the anxious disturbances of a young, supposedly brilliant and Eurasian woman than criticism of the élite elite in France.
Yes, the article is terribly naked, and in the end, a super retrograde cultural elitism.
The author takes place as a cass cultural, the fantasized pedestal of the nineteenth century towards the supposed treasury of the XXeme, with the double cultural contempt of the XXe and his own family environment.
Come on, I offer the jewells, those of Vance and Brel.
> * * Etonsurprisingly * * my father had a strategy worthy of the social classes.
... Seriously?
Because what was he, what did he mean?
He saw the imperatives of meritocracy for his child without being able to aspire to it for himself, and she surprised himself?
But what kind of arrogant conspiracy...
> The speech that said stupid "when you want, we can" make myself crazy.
Really followed by
> When I'm afraid, I work
Well.
We're more at a contradiction.
/ u / Jedettelesbirds does not exist?
/ Calinternet
This world is cruel, you want downvotes I upvote:)
There are really different instructions.
In fact, the main method is to rally all the object of a single family together before cheating them.
The main part of the thing is explaining everything that we can have like "I would not get rid of it because it can serve" or how to throw its sleeves off or you get the impression that it is looking with their sad eyes.
It also talks about how to manage "emotional" objects (like you have a ton of photo, how to triple them)
In short, quite a lot of psychology and bias that you've got to then have some apartment in bazaar.
Yeah, ça is 70 years since he has no vision of urban planning and the will to keep the heritage..
Meme in the old streets. We'll see beautiful parts and suddenly the ugly edifice edifice that fucks...
We don't have beautiful commercial arteries, we're dealing with full neighborhoods to make highways and ugly projects like radio canadas, uqam etc...
He hurts the media saying they have only pictures of bouths but I've never seen him with a smile in face.
If his real intention was to silence this image of him he would have closed.
No it's very simple to put in place, but it's not incredible either.
It's not really enough, it's not really at the level of a UBO, and it works only as a local network.
Then it allows for device that does not have the possibility to block the pubs of the blocked.
Rather, I advise you to move on Firefox on which it's super.
> Before investing in a project we make budget capital.
> > We calculate the Valur Atule Nette (VN), in English we call it the Net Present Valume (NPV).
> > We discern future cash flow generated by investment based on a rate linked to inflation, the market and the risks.
To put it bluntly, can I find a hyper thing that is more profitable to shareholders than anything else would bring them back to them?
If the project is profitable, we launch it.
> > You have 100 euros.
> > We propose two giants of oil.
> > In the first project you invest 100 euros.
> > You touch 0 euros in the first year.
> You touch 0 euros in the second year.
> You touch 120 euros the third year.
> > In the second project you invest 100 euros.
> > You touch 60 euros the first year.
> You touch 50 euros the second year.
> You touch 5 euros the third year.
> > What project do you choose?
It depends on your RRR.
The Required Rate of Return.
The return rate on investment you require.
We also sometimes call it Open Cost of Capitalism.
> > The project is in competition with other projects that need tucks.
The RRR depends on 3 things:
> Inflation: Every year the money loses its value.
> The risk: If you propose a return rate of 5% to invest in Tesla, you'll say no.
It's a bullshit.
Who says it's high RRR risk.
> What the market offers: Because your fridge you could put it on the stock market or bank.
> > To return to our oil projects.
You thought well.
You find that it's moderately on.
You think that the RRR acceptable RRF because of inflation and risk is 7%.
> > You do - 100 + (0 / 1.07) + (0 / 1.072) + (120 / 1.073) = -2.04
> > You do - 100 + (60 / 1.07) + (50 / 1.072) + (5 / 1.073) = 3.08
> > The first project is negative.
You lose frivolous.
> > The second project is the most profitable.
In view of this, it was not the case.
Why is it more profitable?
Because with the second project the fridge is recovered the first year and the second year.
It is more reclaimed earlier in your pocket.
What does it mean?
That you can put it immediately on the stock market or in other projects.
And that you will hit $$$$$1 anymore.
> > Regardless of the project you launch, you are moving in the direction of health, social and environmental consequences.
> > You plug the number that it will kill or seriously injure.
We're moving in this direction but completely.
> > The only thing that counts is to do the NPV.
Indeed, to calculate the NPV, you need a RRR rate.
RRR like Rate of Inflation, Risk, and Marklet Rate of Return.
This rate therefore includes the risk of losing frivolous.
The risk of being trampled underfoot, that you discover that you violate the law, that we ban your activity, that the entire population revolts.
The RRR includes everything.
TOUT.
If it's positive, we do it.
> > We don't care if it's destructive for the biodiversity of seed, if it kills the consumer, if it funds the illegal activities of Lafedischarge or if it accelerates climate change further.
> > It's why it makes me annoy that we hear "oh companies destroy the environment by selling even more plastics."
or * "Oh the guy CEO of Lafedischarge"
> > When a major decision is taken, the only goal is that the capital cracks as much capital as possible.
Forget the page "Valours" of BNP Parilow or SFR.
These pages are addressed to the big public.
The only rule is not bankruptcy, no prison, DO IT.
All decisions in finance are based on that.
All.
We stop that if we lose fric or if we risk a judicial reaction hard (not a minable fine), the destruction of the brand image (= loss of frio) or a violent political attack (= loss of frio).
Cash is King.
> > If the government wants investments to no longer be made, then it must take tough measures.
In case of a violation of the law of extremely violent fines (10, 20 billion euros) or the seizure of force by the state.
It will increase RIG considerably, one of the important elements in the NPV calculation.
Investors will therefore refuse to put their fridge there.
The NPV is all that counts.
> > Pascal Quiry was elected better Professor of HEC Paris.
He wrote a book called Finance of Enterprise.
It's LE Rereference in Finance in France.
It explains the priority of a good business leader, it's constant research of the rente.
The rente depends on getting a majority of a market (Microsoft), the agreements between companies (Supporting the Intel / Apple / Pixar / Google agreements), the construction of a very strong brand (Apple), the creation of a consumer contract (Ecosystem) or Additive products), the weakening and division of suppliers (big brands and the textile industry, or Lacitis and milk sellers).
The rente is what allows us to increase the margins.
That's what makes the difference between the corner baker and a big entrepreneur like Bill Gates or Vincent Bolloré.
Regarding the famous letter to get the passport.
Two versions are opposed so.
Benalla's incompatible with that of Stzoda.
... or then, hypothesis that I am submitting to you and I've heard you not heard by anyone (and who may not be holding the road: did I laugh about things that would invalidate her?): Is it possible for a 3rd character to make these 2 versions coexist?
Is it possible for an employee of the Presidency to apply for a passport on behalf of Benalla, without warning his service at the time and without revealing that he was responsible as a result of the revelations in the Canard Enchained over the last few days?
Stzoa would have said her truth last week, Benalla would have said her today.
This 3rd man mysteriously, a member of the organization organization of the Elysée, knows the truth but would prefer to keep quiet in the hope of not being affected by the scandal.
If necessary, is Benalla aware of this action from the beginning but only leaked it to justice, last week when we asked him the question for the first time?
Would that happen, it's a possibility in your opinion?
And of course... / r / unfulfilled Gwennhau
That's exactly why Trump was elected to the US.
Because populism had fed up with snowflakes who make their culpable crèches for everything and nothing without being aware that they are also the problem.
Mal caught them but the kind of Gaullist that feeds everyone without rifles on the important is the breeding ground of the right wing.
I wonder if the resigned deputies will come back to the bloquist bars now that the games no longer have to throw out the water outside.
The NPD should work in Quebec in the next elections, which will leave BQ lucky at least to keep the existing seats for progress will have to go again, the Bloc has been for several years (decennated?) than a gronde movement in these parts of the Queu. Well, very much sovereigntists.
It's a good idea to believe it.
Except that from the day of the presidential elections, our favorite editorialists explained to us that the LR ponts and PS were going to leave to the European people, that he was going to let guys in a weak position plug all the shit to manage during Macron's state's grace, and then that He was going to recover everything for the final sprint.
We can have a candidate Xavier Bertrand, or even a Sarkozy.
We can have a candidate François Hollande or even Hidalgo or even Le Foll or Vallaud.
We can have a Hervé Moriin if Bayrou understands that he will never win and that we have to rejuvenate.
We can have Taubira at the PRG.
We can have a PC breakthrough or NPA.
We can have a countercurrent Philippot or Mégret.
Maybe someone will make Hamon understand that he doesn't have charisma and will get his place, like Aubry.
We can have a return from Eva Joly among the Green, or <unk> <unk>.
There will be Dupont-Aignt-Aignt to trample votes and make an alliance in the second round.
In short, it will not only be Macron-JLM-MLP.
Saying that these are the only alternatives, it's pure macronist Wing (and its only solution).
I'd like to know what it's goal to do with thero is clear of bullshit.
Just to see the post of immigrant, the pm, the others... it's automatic.
But once again, it's not important - if the post / how didn't burn the bullshit, it's direct to the dustbin.
The audience and the punclick.
Do you come from the thread on r / noiiiquestion I imagine?
PO, do you want to give us the answer?
Seemage in a housing where everyone smokes <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
It worked for me!
But now neighbors don't tell me about the Weed <unk>
Without joke, I'm blowing through the window or in the fan above the pan.
I understand that you did that, but I don't understand how it could be worse?
Well, they say it's visee anthropological.
So just understand and invite people thinking differently...
But it is true that at the end of the interview, they recognize the yellow belts that get bogged down.
But it's only their personal opinion.
Not that of their guests.
Neither of their answers.
Let's be sure of mange-shit in this sector.
It's completely false.
I only have Irish friends outwith and English in France and they too hate this word.
They were as shocked as me when my friend said this word:)
> Also, the LD50 of table salt is lower, it seems to me.
Ethanol's LD is higher than that of salt and alcohol kills much much more than salt.
You're condoning acute and chronic toxicity.
It's crazy to pass on to the <unk> re carcencene probable of glyppho to compare that to shitty shit hots or herine rails.
On the other hand, I give you 10 / 10 for the recitation, you have taken on board the elements of Monsanto's language.
It's even downright a left wing of left wing.
Your comment has a Reddit notice that your shabban has been lifted.
First time I see that.
It's not bad, but since 2013, they have used Chrome's engine... So they will have a problem with uBlock as well, I think.
You see them all these pseudo lutins that just want to get rid of the pervasive present offered to them.
r / Subou<unk>
* Well, last night's beauty you thought was what was what?
* It's a loser that moves everything I buy <unk> <unk> <unk>
Here, I don't say that you're wrong, I say you're outsubject.
Europeans give way to fascists (which also produces a lot of shit: good luck to wear a t-shirt more than 20 times without it being a distorted and yellow loque in the guys).
But the problem that is trying to solve Marie Konna is the mini-building: people who don't throw enough.
We can't complain that people jumble too * * and at the same time * * they don't throw enough.
I have always interpreted the place like the subreddit of Anglo-Quebecois with a Montrealese accent.
> hormones that deny the development of the child.
The often used argument against what you just said is that the products used are only pause and nothing is irreversible.
> Keep her little crisis
The classic argument about this is that patients are evaluated and selected so this kind of case doesn't have to be issued with hormones.
Go to the fb page of a usager for a park left dand his sand about a dress choice.
Come we're Patrick you can do better!
The reference date date from before mequebec becomes active, mainly as a platform for laughing on the sub.
Most of the time is used as a reference to a book by the world who have not very loved opinions from commune in general but who prefer to shout at conspiracy / brigade.
See too: Le Bader.
Get to clean up with the cronies pyrau and papi. We're getting pretty good!
> It should not be 3 stati that were elected by 37 people who fuck traffic in Montreal.
It's not bad anymore than that.
Why "not gorafi"?
Try r / spodapc or r / harddware you get an idee
I know nothing about it in gaming, but for all the rest with HD, I'll take a thinkpad T430 / 440 of occases it must do 300e and it should get bogged down.
He passed TSèt.
The owners don't rent their homes by altruism, they're leaving for the income that it brings them.
Not playing is not anything.
You don't mind the business model.
How does your games have problems with your games sell things inside the game?
Nowhere is it written that gaming is just.
The lootbox is a gaming, a governmentalist government.
For the rest.
I'm talking about something else.
Arresting to want government everywhere.
Providing in the image that aeroplanes leave railway workers who disturb positive waves.
The image has been turned to mislead you
Seriously, you're homoughing!
It was the first Tinderette that I was invited directly to at home.
It was drunk Sunday.
The shots of one night coming back from night or festival, no problem.
Here, I just overestimated my ability to sleep with a nana who doesn't like * * * really * *.
Understanding "enough beautiful enough for one night but not envy of the date", Tmec.
Ah well not, I'm too binary as a guy, I think.
It's everything or nothing and if there is no alcohol to burn a little, there's nothing going to happen.
Luckily, I saw another since that made me forget this sad moment of shame of my life, I will tell later if it does not take place there as well.
It helps a little more the context of the two police tanks of the two police had to be surprised too what explains their positions on the highway...
Yeah he was driving a bit too fast but as you say it doesn't stop on one 10 cents these beautiful beauty...
Have you not taken into account what I've answered the nan?
If you want an answer, not everything is negative with Trump, when I defended the opposite?
Nowhere.
Now, why this question?
Is that what it's an interesting conclusion?
No more, as it's the subject of discussions above, but you don't answer it at all.
So, let's get rid of it, arts to get off the sidelines.
For those who like Paradox games, I would be ready to host multi-players from Hearts of Ion 4 or Stellaris weekly, a week per week.
For HoI4, I would recommend an historic lady, with a lotteries system to choose the countries that are playing by quid.
For Stellaris, I would recommend a more RP approach with empires created by players as long as they are not voluntarily too OP.
Moreover, the operation of Paradox is super, if the host of the part owns the DLCs of the game, for the time of the party, all players will be able to use them as well.
In short, if you're interested, show you!
I launcher Teepite Teepe for the costs of lawyers right away or are we waiting (that Sachiena is at Hanouna, we're never too sure)?
Well, that's actually.
Macron goes back to the polls because the morale of the pro-Macron goes back.
So preach them convinced it works.
> <unk> té political guests, the show will receive, among others, Jean-Michel Blanquet, Minister of National Education, Marlène Sachiena, Secretary of State for gender equality.
But also the list heads in the European elections Benoict Hamon (for the "Gneration.s) and Jordan Bardella (for the National Rassemblement).
Bernard Tapie should also be present.
> Other speakers: Dominique Chaauvel, the mayor of Saint-Valééri-Caux (Seine-Maritime).
At Emmanuel Macron's first public meeting on January 14, she told her: "I'm not lifted because you disappointed me.
"D other mayors will take place, like Gael Perdriau, (Saint-Étir, LR), or in duplex, like Anne Hidalgo (Paris, PS) or Éricic Piolle (Grenoble, Europe Ecosoftware the Green Group).
No LFI.
Do you think it's normal you?
In addition, I'm going to cut off that they're not going to get bothered to talk about LFI at all.
Master Master Race
So if I understand you well, do you agree to force medins to manage euthanania?
Same, I listen from time to time, thank you for the info I will see Monday when I go to the office: P
Yes, but it changes something?
For Reddit (and I know it doesn't work all the same time), I abstain from downvoting the world if I think they have a shit opinion, because they do contribute to the discussion (even if not all opinions are equal).
So sarcasm or not... we would not make them change their mind anyway.
How can you eat the poutine then?
Mmmmmmmo <unk> <unk>
Fast 20 years my primary and hearing the gang here who says that playing a mountain with the king... We've been watched by no match because we did not have the right of nothing.
Oh well.
Exactly.
Several of these points seem to be connected with an inability to guarantee water discharges (or has a very high franchise):
* No click: poorly drunk condensation *
> = 18c: badly isolated building, it could make it possible to freeze pipes.
* Shit washing taps... Did they share that they're prematurely, whar s next?
Closing the sub suchlike after flushé?
We're not talking about solicitation, except for the pups who bother.
Coucou, delighted <unk>
It's a shame for the downvotes because a lot of jokes!
That seems to me to be good indeed.
I hope you will learn: The Grand Duc de Moncuck-over-convenient is dead at the age of [indicating the date of death] years without inverted commas, given that it's legal.
Yes, if you don't melt it down.
And cultural contempt <unk>
Semblance
In my humble opinion, another defeat at a major election will force the withdrawal of Marine Le Pen and allow Marion Mrechal's takeover of power (who gave up Le Pen of his name).
As a result, LR will have been so massacred by LREM that we will attend the union of the Right on a neo-liberal basis.
It's the only scenario where I see this sensitivity to take power and it's unfortunately not impossible.
It must be even worse nowadays.
His statistics have been arrated under Hollande.
I had a chaux this week where we were still in the heat of the beginning of July when he was feeling 45c.
I was never happy to wake up.
Shortly after I was walking in the big -30 storm with a smile on the face
Uh, it changed enormously on this point.
Chrome has a very bad reputation on this side too.
On the other hand, I can confirm the words of / u / LanneMRussian: nowadays, both, Firefox manage memory much better.
Sffff
Loll kind of racist in the opposite direction, I don't even call it his haha
r / haircorporate
Haha, no, but for true, I like my car and it's also a very reputable movie movie system.
r / submarinaslejenpastombé
First of all, you need to cross the border already drunk, but also you to the authorities who can judge that you're not in danger in the meaning of the convention on refugees and go back to the country you're trying to flee.
A lot of the arrivals who make the request are sent back.
It was perhaps * snarky *, but if there's someone of a salt here it seems to be you.
Well, my boys rise at 5 hours.. On Saturday at 10: when they lifted all the toys, they took their 2nd collation, they died, it would be only 25 minutes, it would only be 25 20 minutes <unk>
Arsduultatatamater
Except to do piglets with biles and everyone is not flanking to put paint or shit on his kept.
\\ n > Who isn't illegal it seems to me.
So if we talk about it, we're on the ground of morals.
Well, we know very well that there is a moral valve for lying (especially in this case).
But it's partly the work of journalists to contrast with facts and facts.
We could really imagine a situation where someone makes an inaccurate statement and then gets correct by a journalist.
Here we could comment in a pedantic way about the inculture of the speaker without necessarily coming onto the ground of morals.
All this to say that not illegal does not imply that we are in a moral debate.
So I understand the affirmation of byroot.
> by Debra Soh * for Quillette * * (Try Lland register)
I think we can avoid reading the article.
Also, all those who criticized Stéphane Foucart, why do you turn your eyes to a person who brings together much worse what you accuse Stéphane Foucart?
A chance queues two grandmothers died, it saved me from a click on this article on dubious grounds.
Let me try to understand.
Add * counter-torcher *, basically, does it mean getting back to the tormented lunch in place?
So the opinion of the anglos would be indifferent to the point where you will come back to give you the shit in place immediately after a first cleaning?
> not a situation with a guy where there has been no sexual contact.
It's not bad for some that there have already been cases of guys who send dikes to children and get stuck before having touched a child.
Appeal, Appeal, and ask them if they transfer your address to the database Bell911.
(I don't have the address with me today, I should get the office of the office this week)
Normally it's supposed to be done when issuing permits (at the same time as warning Post Canada)
Well...
It's like when Pupa brings a house in the house, ok she is nice but she doesn't know how to make hot chocolate, the magical bisus and well tell the stories of Petit Ores Bun when I'm going to sleep.
I now call myself Jy25 and you A _ Free _ china _ man!
lol, it doesn't have anything to do with Quebec, unless you get all the risks, it's you who go to pay trolo.
Nothing to do with the words then?
Max, this french that barely bothers, with rigour just when his body and agreement, who like you before that you're not able to say anything at first, and this statue of statue. Let there be people who will not love him and maybe find it glorious to put a similar type of light in good light.
The theory doesn't convince me really but I have never found better and no one to save me from this never-ending question; _; _;
I note your runway.
You should find someone who does not understand French and * find that glorious to be of course!
I'm still 10 years old.
Don't you know the Darth Akpphenis tragedy the deaf man?
I find subreddit or there is only the much less toxic button.
By the way, I like the legal mention for "blockchain technology": shared registration device.
Since yes, France uses the blockchain technology as far as actions are concerned.
We also use smartcontract for the airlines.
Interesting to read someone from inside the machine.
I wouldn't have misery to understand how someone can go from CAQ to PQ and vice.
Could you that the identity questions had a big role played the device?
The story of the Legrault test came out in what debate?
(I don't listen to them, I think it's a big waste of time)
> Tedodis commercial Ingenant, Vedois Group
Is it not even a influenced, so would it really be objective?
> I can't tell you why in France, but I know that one of the traits of pseudo science is that they are at the intellectual reach of many and gives a feeling of superiority.
The Duning-Krueger effect in action.
Chaa is a nice match, that!
Oh, yes, Madam!
Now cup basket!
Lddr: men have problems but not so much that it and are privileged.
And their problems are their fault because of their toxicity.
Another county without argument...
8 to be promised often on the 20 and 55, it would say it's especially because the world is running too foolhardy.
Or I don't know what it's going to be two years at Christmas.
I've come back from the family to go back home on the 20. There were so many verglas my virary and my wives were fucking ice by driving up... and I'm going to go over by trucks / autos / autos at 100-110 who find themselves in the chasm not long after I'd like to get rid of it.
I'm, I'm going to work in the madrid remove the ice so fast, I went out of business, I'd go out of the car.
In me, yellow belts wanted to block the biggest commercial center in corner the first on Saturday (a Leclerc with almost just Leclerc derivative in the market gallery so very few collateralized disgates
Then it's turned into round squatting point without ever coming back to this commercial center.
At least they don't come to embed rare tradesmen in the city center, they at least understood who was not the enemy.
I had this sensation because on the way out of the school of ingé it was a bit like that and with time you change and you want something else.
When I started to work on the other hand, it was not really the majority of profiles I was confronted with.
It's the cliché and surely also the visible part but I spent some good time with my colleagues when I was working in SSII to do various and varied activities, even with dumb dumps.
I don't have the impression that * "discover new things, find me a nana, travel, make things" * are incompatible with being developer...
Some devils have passions and a couple life, if you're not happy where you work and you can allow it, there's no hesitation!
What age?
Personally I did a VE, it's a good experience, in other words than a SSII for me and a bit of a trip, etc.
It was a good combo to discover other things!
Apart from a quote without quote on the English wiki of the series that says she holds an Guinness record, impossible to have anything to confirm.
What I realized when I searched a little, is that calculate an audience and a market sham etc. It's perhaps not as straight-fort and reliable that it looks; so I imagine it's difficult to do more than an interesting anecdote and not an interesting anecdote. It's established without a shadow of doubt.
But cute cheat non-theys, thank you:)
We don't just ask you to make presentation, we often ask you to do data extraction with algorithms.
This kind of taff has been proposed. My friend who is doctoral in bi-info (he makes molecular simulation with programs that he is dev about).
I don't say that you need a doctorate but you need at least to be engineer.
attest I'm in the process of looking for it.
live the Roy
Come on.
I think I'm giving you the last internecine innovation, the last communication facilitate, the last advance in terms of read Redddia: dash S.
To use it: <unk> <unk> (not to take too seriously) <unk> <unk> / s
Barlette had promised mental health for mental health in 5 years.
It's laughing at the world when your term is 4 years.
It makes no excuse for CAQ, but both parties are not soft there.
I hate it.
Your origin doesn't change anything.
Unless you want to be judged according to your origins.
I don't interest it.
And what is a racist passage?
The speed of overshooting???????
It's good.
I know we're not on authenaha but the path of overshooting is reserved to go beyond to drive at the maximum speed of overshooting.
If you exceed no one as much as your speed has no business, the c is all.
Yes, speed must be modulated according to the road conditions, but it's not just for the way of overshooting.
Analysis when you go over you will always be or almost quickly than the limit.
It's the police and every driver to decide its security speed certainly not at a match or my oncle that blocks the left path to decide for others.
They can put someone outside for the reason they want, as long as it's not illegal.
98.5 just took advantage of this situation to react to a bunch of reacs.
It's an anecdotal event to say that a coop refused entry to a humorist because he had drunks, it's like, a perfect example of anecdote.
98.5 by * * a whole drama.
> So it's a fun at the lot in the general population, but only the x% of the population that it suits will accept?
Yes.
> You're going to have an assembly that is vachely representative with that, it is worth making a tirage of the fate in the general population.
This, but without irony.
If you forces me to go to the AN, I will go to follow the rules but I will sabotage the work as much as I can, even if it hurts my fellow citizens.
(It will be done well, they will have put me there.)
Do you really hold that to this arbitrary representativeness?
I'm saying arbitrary because in your Assembly, you're not going to put children aged 2 or mentally ill, if?
Yeah, too much bug under Saafi (and this comment and yet posted since Saafi), it's perhaps the fault of the web developers and not the browser, but I regularly have sites that buck under Safari and when I pass under Chrome no problem.
I still use Saafi as the main browser (if only for its integration with macOS and the functions of Hanooff macOS / iOS, Autofill SMS, etc.) but I'm opening Chrome as soon as I have to use a little heavy or soilful web application..
The problem is that developers develop under Chrome (because you have to admit drugs and other tools are great), test teens test in Chrome (because he has 2 / 3 of the market part) so it becomes the default by default that imposes the norm.
Rather, I'm going to give Firefox a chance because, given the various comments, he would rather have evolved in the right direction.
I'm not going to read the article because Judicth tramples me on the stratum.
But I'm going to say what I said else compared to the pub Gillette:
The message was good, but multinationals use good causes as a marketing tool (not because they believe it, just because it is going to make a shittw and so of the pub) I get disgusted.
Especially as a moral level, Gillette can go back, Children and cement.
r / Pope
Good apparently, the gyphosate is closely monitoring, if you woke up very diluted quantity, it's really hyper toxic, the shi workers who were drinking water containing glyphosate didn't invent their sudden disease as soon as the appearance of the Gypphphate.
I don't understand the story of this discredited researcher.
Knowing the scientific method, I know very well that we can skilfully prove that the glyphosate is not dangerous if you omit things.
I don't understand those who defend the non-ban of glyphosate, those who defend those who are for glyphosate honor.
It's totally obvious that there is a Jerk pro glyphosate circuit with billions of dollars.
With medication, agriculture is the second biggest commercial power world power in one direction, it's as if you decided what salt would buy all humans on earth.
I mean, it's totally obvious that monsanto has a power ENORME power on studies, scientists are not a race to share from monks living in autarky in the mountains far from the world, there are good and bad things like everywhere, it's quite obvious that Monsanto has a lot of money. Very well, by far or by far, the scientists who are positive about the glyphosate are enquired about.
We talk about such money, it's colossal, it's colossal, it's a colossal customer, it's an official customer, all the countries are pushing and all countries need to rake the lands of weeds.
TOUS.
The sea-lane, the ré<unk>, the United States, in jaaon, I mean it is a market QUI VA PARTOUT.
It's limited if monsanto is not the only one with gasoline, it's unimaginable the power they have.
I see the scientists who say, well, I've bothered all my life, I was integrated, only in my work, and suddenly I was offered the salary of 10 life like mine just to omit a detail and I assure me that it will be done so ably that my name is not my name will never be soulless..
How do you want there to be no ones who refuse.
It's comparable with the invention of the washing machine has the wife in the housewife of the 60s, the thing will take you away from it in less than two while before you were supposed to have a job for dozens of hours.
ET UNSELE ENTREPROING SDAM THE MODE THE MOD.
Nan but my god.
With regard to the dangers.
It's quite clear that the thing is harmful.
I understand the gallery to ban it after years of use.
It's like telling you, the machine washed up is toxic, you have more access to the laundry now will have to go back to manual mode..
Read to support the circlejerk with people who have at least been paid to say a lot of monsanto.
This report is just great.
If there are mistakes it's not serious.
Without such people, you'll not be alive for life.
live luce mece mdr
> The owners increase you you rent it when a wild estate decree before leaving?
It's not a gift to me.
If they find a way to do it they will do it without asking questions.
I brought my daughter to the crèche this morning.
barely entry into the room where she is kept, a little approach and pushes her violently (they all two and a half years or a half) and she falls well 1 metre further, the head not far from a wooden structure.
There were three staff of the nursery in this room, including the manager, all for less than 10 children.
Not a single act.
So, as it was the third time that this boy was pushing my girl in front of me (two times another day, without a big reaction either), it heat me and I started to give up the little, under the indifference of staff.
My daughter during that time was terrorized and didn't stop crying (a child of her age, it easily pleases, but it was really violent as a push for the age of the boy).
By the way, I still told the directors that if it were to start again, I wanted to talk about it parents with the little boy, which's normal.
She replied "oh, but you know, we already know, he doesn't do that like that with your daughter, he is followed by the psy, her parents know it"...
I answered in substance that I agree, but I would still like to talk to parents if it happens again and she got me out of a rather aggressive tone: "Oh but outside the crèche" as if I was going to get to work with them what.
That's a mole for the day.
Already because it's me who's a guy when women stay passive, and also because if it's not the first time, it's not the first time that the boy is pushing MA, even surely the case.
It could be good to keep up with it.
And if my daughter falls into a toy or the reboard of a table?
Is it the time to talk about it when it will be crippled or worse?
RAAAHhhhhh.
Thank you that's better
