What God granted, he can resume it at any time.
So, in fact, no, the government can't resume your rights in a head.
What to do as a computer student during vacations?
Yes in fact I just tried that the line line was 27 March.
But I'd like it because I have no idea how to contribute because I've done almost the theory until now.
When Paris Match tells the glorious trip of Macron in India "He deserves more than ever the title of Emmanuel the majesty."
Even the gossip of the capital bothers itself with its > Pendevelopment is on my side, with discretion when talking to the British TV company of its fictional job?
Here, it's just us who have the right to these portable portable.
The secretaries and employees have less nice portable portals.
On the other hand, everyone has duals.
Short of jobs: Fieré Montreal favors English-speaking people.
So you would agree I'm saying that as a stranger I want only employees strangers?
As I said, you're as worse as all those you're doing.
I am frankly not sure he would have stayed another year, he wanted to leave in 2016 before being convinced by Emerry.
Anyone who has been trampled on at the door is Lucas.
Coming at most after spending 5 months on the bench.
Grenoble: Provoc, Bertrand Cantat.
Survey in the infinitely possible GRAND - as far as it is possible to go (Balade Mental) <unk> Peut <unk> provores <unk> of <unk> crises <unk> of epilepsy <unk> or <unk> of <unk> <unk> vertical <unk> verges.
"inadequate participation" "dispelled during the" "" "" "" ""
On this subject, can Ghotery sell our data?
I've been caught in a info thread a little while ago to advise him.
Coffee history in the administration (not at home, fortunately): A service was organized from time to time for the service, with viennoisieries, tea, soluble coffee, in short a little machin peg.
One day the management told them that from now on, this kind of expenses would have to go through a public procurement procedure.
So now, when they're doing their spots, it's a private company that dispatches a type to do 60 blinds with the food and coffee.
Except that where it couldn't cost 40 bullets per week by providing for the first Me Calinne coming (that in close proximity), it now costs more than 10 times the price.
And next to that, we press everyone to make savings...
Well, that's it.
It's now so much to finish it.
It works for beer, and for this relationship.
REEEEEEEEEEE Norwegies on my eiffel are fed up.
It will be because the start-up nation nation has other battles.
France will get out of the situation of "Macroeconomic imbalance", according to the European Commission.
There are only Anti Macron's impression here.
We changed offices and now my colleague is sitting next to me so I see him on Reddit (<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>) But I can't see what subs is on lurker train.
<unk> Produtivity <unk> to <unk> top <unk> by <unk> as <unk> as <unk> you <unk> can <unk> <unk>
In America, animals are less dangerous than arms carriers.
The vicissitudes are well classed as well!
And I'm not even talking about followers, it's true heads of pigs those who...
You'll be better off being here tomorrow than we're boring like spoiled children.
Of course, Vasy balance things after your move.
I hesitate to switch the VTC licence to cumulate with my translator activity waiting to be pretty calm in development Web for a reconversion.
What do you think about it?
(it would be more for private driver than from Uber)
Bertrand Cantat and ordinary populist hatred
Cantat has not been part of a caste.
I was surprised at the time of black desire not to see them run the TV TV and other sateries.
Looking for a report for thesis vulgarisation (1 / 2 page) planned in the suffering:)
Free gives TF1 a week before cutting off its diffusion.
And you still have the right to a demand page, little veard.
What are some of a great French movie that throws off?
Libyan financing of the 2007 campaign: Nicolas Sarkozy in custody.
Is me organising you how for you propaganda campaigns?
You have a Discord with you in which you pass the word that an article must be referred to on all the national subs?
Michel Hazanaviius will not realize OSS 117 3: "I don't like the scenario"
No, but it's not the same thing to say that humor likes you don't like it because say souls are easy (it would be false, good clowns like Dujardin or Carrey are rare) and say "nuns knc movie".
So if, just praising an opinion about people will always be reprimanded, rightly so.
> Ah I thought you were going to shout about the fact that Splatoon has a paying DLC.
Ah yeah, well, I don't care about Splatoon in fact.
I'm not going to shout for a DLC in particular when it's the very principle that bothers me.
> Also on the Wii U portals I didn't even know that Hyrule Warriors and Pokken had come out in the first place.
There are also MK8 (obviously), Bayona 2 and Tropical Freze who have already come out or go out this year.
With Mario Mker and Yohie s Woolly World on 3DS, Wii U still loses its interest.
I wanted to buy one but given the opportunity prices and the number of excluded people who plummeted, I'll let down.
SNCF: why ticket prices risk "mechanically exploding" with the strike
Even with collective funding, if you have 300 places in your tgv and at the proposed price you have 400 people who want to take it you will have a problem.
A "awesome" reference to Asterix (the zip)
SNCF-Deutsche Bahn, the match
I don't really know how it works between border.
Here, it's all RE and Sbhan, the more tram metro.
The Horde - Cartography of the extreme French right (spring 2018)
Oh, Asselinau, on the extreme right?
I'm not sure about this cut, no?
I noticed a few others in the theft: Hypnosterius discussion: Complex movies are waking up without knowing what viente to do with rots bar bar two tables of billard (s) then: one of elleys you executed without a race race.: giga drunk that blights you, but "to" your great surprise, this alcohol. A really sorely promised effect I'm going to make () discreet ------- otherwise it's nice, I have the style and jokes!
"Americans had Steve Jobs, we got Paul Emploi"
> Intoxicated its partners repeatedly to have complete sexual relations violated in series > Finally, no woman has reported to have used physical violence to achieve her goals.
In the case of 90% of women, it's just not possible to do it.
You're a woman of 110 pounds, try to force someone from 160-200 books to have a sexual relationship, not condoned, good luck.
Egypt is moving its capital (just on the old one).
If you had a job based on your alias of Reddit, what would be the respondents of your post?
I will work in a com agency.
Completely to the opposite of what I'm dlvv: I work like a con in an agency.
Benedict Hamon: "I call France unsubject to put its solitary strategy aside."
Waffled, if you say that the entire political class hate Melanchon, it's an argument to support it and not the other way around.
Hollande kills the PS.
It's not Mélenchon who is (among others) went to visit the mayor of Naples last month?
Americans who discover the Scots biscuits
There's no competition in the US on gatwaters, they are all degleasses.
It's already happening!
Yeah the head after but I don't know if it goes in a colissimo...
> read novel with a spaceship on the Ca coverage makes me think that in the subway the other day, there is a lady of 40 / 50 pedestrian that gets into front of me.
Go blonde, small mucacushes, trousers beauty and shirt, with a Breton circuit circuit circuit.
She comes out with a book from her bag.
Gnehehé again with a muso or other panacole thought I'm with the contempt that appears to me.
And the BEM, integral of Dan Abnett, ghotome de Gault.
I was not ready and I tried to establish a visual contact to smile, but I didn't succeed.
Self-management and 10 / 20 for all movements like that is not normal, but it's common in most parts, yes.
Toulouse: The strikers of the university Jean Jaurès vote
5% of students who are ultra-politicized and who annoy 95% with claims to the con and debile techniques (like destroy premises and prevent classes / <unk> s).
Les Bourse Faure will have to make me match that (and that I wreak myself into CS, but I find it hard to sail on the Map with my computer).
To the legislative I no longer know where, the FI like 3% Edit: bullshit on the part, it's not 3 but 13.
It doesn't surprise me, it's always one of the 1res to fall.
In 2013, she was deleted for 2 weeks after a fire of a post that handles the paths.
In this case, if you're before Versailles, you take C or N until Viroflay Rive left and then you go through Viroflay until Vroflay Rive right, you have for 10 minutes by walking vitr.
You can take the tramway but I don't know if it's worth waiting.
It's an old piece of advice, I knew the time when you put less than 30 minutes to make a La Denense - SQY on the Môs<unk>.
The ten years of Air France: the story of the men.
No, he is not doing that pure nihilist because you deserve a bunch of small Nazis, it's he who should be the moderator!
PVPS instead of Seedbox?
For a seedboox, it's clearly the best, not expensive and with a lot of space.
There are actually one in fact, thanks I'm going to look on this side:)
In cable, I say that you're coming like a hair on the soup to talk about the subject that interests you who is just very connected.
Did you the kind of someone who went to thread randomly in 2016 to say "yes but the emails in Hillary"?
Hyvisensitivity to electromagnetic waves: Anses publish her (sword) report.
Poor who leads alcoholic people: what to do?
I have as much yeah, except that he's not 5 beer but verres and high alcohol glasses, as well as beer.
Parh I tried several times to convince him to not drive but nothing.
One day we'll learn that he killed himself or that he killed someone see both, I'm not going to be particularly shocked.
: / Finally, we had succeeded once and when proposing to stay so that you can do X thing the next day.
Are you a baselle for all your infants * goalposts *?
At this moment I'm playing a lot of trouble with SC2 / PUME / AoE2 in classical terms, in different ways a Heroes of Hammerwatch who is nice and the wild eight as well.
My grandfather during the Indochina war.
He didn't know that this photo existed before seeing him on the internet.
He melted into tears by seeing him.
He looks like De Funès / Bourvor your great father is saying!
[ALTENTE] JE EME REVELE
A wheel of molettes, and pif pf!
Then, if people want to rag for Reddit banners...
is he that there are creams against morpons, he should understand.
Or you do it in fashion "ah, it's true what they told the coffee machine, you really have morbac actually!"
> And yes, I'm a idiot with a us--ub-c phone... Fuck it's annoying, I have to invest in new cables when I changed the phone.
One for the house (the one provided with + quick charge), one for the car, and one to move in my bag at your back or at the job.
Now you also need to buy quick charge because I only have one.
And I should also change my USB battery for one in USB C.
When I've had everything, they'll get out a new format all the time.
Otherwise, when do you stop your madness with the bogus banners?
Amiral _ PPOTou is the guy who makes gifs and post who pollutes our frontpage?
I call for a RES filter to mask its post that damages the good functioning of our virtual legalaum.
A France candidate Insoumise welcomes the murder of the LCL Arnaud Beltrame by a jihadist
It made a package but it was the format that influenced the writing.
All formats are not equal but they each have their advantages / disadvantages.
Your response does 69 characters, it's a half-tweet (old), so I should not take it into account?
If not, then the problem does not come from the number of characters.
If the size of the message is not important, what does it mean for you, is it a problem?
Conversely onoudin
If you stop terrorists during the case Sarko has had peace in the world at the end.
A subtle way of saying to / u / TunaRienPi that she repeats the chasm.
Coucou, do you play what on smartphone right now?
My girlfriend DT1 knows very well this stratagem:).
But it works more with me!
Bas me already the sport fatigue me then watching people to do it...
What, the last pieces or listen to the old ones, I'm just curious?
What are the most popular names in France since 1946?
People who have a compound name tend to choose the best of both name names.
I know a Qurenn-Alexandre that everyone calls Qurentin... etc..
Paris: left-wing elected representatives ask for the closure of a closed house that works with sexual dolls.
Ah yeah it's radical!
But did you lead after having breached?
At the service of the car at Starbucks at Starbucks, I wonder what designs I would like to have on my glass.
I say, Gaetn Barrette... NALLED IT!
Mmmmm not worse but there's no aire.
Contacts, in accounts > goole > synchronization, it seems to me.
Good luck, changing Roma is the thing or you tell you that in 10mn it will be done, and one week after you always have not generally recovered everything haha.
It's been 6 years since I took the RER D every day.
I'm not suppressed anymore.
As long as I don't see a guy in shit, I enter the because.
The cache and the shitty are where I find my limit.
'Christianity as default is gone ': the rise of a non-Christian Europe. sorry, I rephrase, live the mass Jewish mass education: D And especially bravo at the Catholic Church of inventing things well in 20 centuries!
It's nice to die quietly without violence to leave room for executives of more coherent thought (fewer imaginary friends and more logic and science can not do harm for the rest).
Mum * # OrthographeNazi at the rescue * Woooh *
What's your "usual privilege" privilege?
The cheese and me went on a ugly basis, and he queued me free cheese.
He also keeps me from emmental pieces when he comes closer to me to give them to the dog.
Not con, I'm going to test it!
22-16 following I cursed Lartot for making a shit comment about the action (finally like hab, Lartot / Galthé is the "star" of France TV, but they are nasty to shit it's horrible).
I have my needs and I'm a célib!
(largely because I don't know how to make a choice but good...: p)
I did the TMB once but it was a long time ago.
If the pianists are in the digital then sorry but all the professions who use a keyboard are in the digital as well:)
Bravo to him, I end up seeing people spitting on the police.
RES-tagged 'Future Papa of anti-blenchon leftovers "at home.
And Putin will be re-elected.
But we've forgotten everything in a week.
Own of general fatigue it's at all, well driving, silence, I'm much less tired with my current car (even if it doesn't remove fatigue).
My old car was exhausting, badly isolated, noise from the heavy engine...
Only if you listen to metal or to Smurwin to heap upwards.
While the players of the Sims of Mario Party or of Canddy crush saga, they are violent all the time.
I thought but it's the same ite and mp that my "normal" account, and it even detects the profiteering and the name
It reminds me of the year when I asked for permission to do a private forum for students in the college where I was working, and the answer was no because - I'm not joking - in the previous college where the main work was killing a pupil. So she wants to avoid problems... There was no forum there: /
Why do you posts in my topicks to say something like this?
There's culture in the US.
From shit culture, but from culture anyway.
2G covers around 99% of the population, but subscribers don't Free.
Well, at the same time Free subscribers have no network at all.
I can't reread the story. I don't understand where the drama is... Ok would have misled his current wife, one after their beginning of relationship, or.
It's dirty, but it's all?
Strike on March 22: "Everything was planned, except that the management of the SNCF cancels trains", says Philippe Martinez (not the Gorafi)
> The only indicator that we have today is the number of names by the CGT for the demonstration of railway workers that is just over 20 000 – provided that the trains can leave but I agree that the article is not clear.
I do it myself for some article.
The SNCF costs less than road accidents LE SAVEZ-VOUS?
A Wine Wine in TER costs less than a colonization.
The quhe is a good recycling plan:)
At any rate you can't change B - > C?
The conditions can be more flexible.
Nope, it's not the same: it is not in the GRS.
Lyée Saint-Cyr: a machine to wipe women off.
You're hot at the moment!
Are you going to deny all the news that doesn't suit you?
What's your salad sauce's recipe?
My sauce for my salades that I'm taking to work: In an old pot of mustard of 50g or 100g: - vinder of red wine - add balsamic according to gat (I think it is not only acid with balamic) - salt, pepper - moumoumoumoumoumoumo. Little - closing the t, agitating like a shake - add oils: virgin sunflower, olives and especially a bit of ssame oil caught - super important: not to exceed 3 / 4 of the pot - closing, agging like a crazy everything. is prefect in 2 minutes max especially as I know the quantities well.
You take risks post that here;)
Today drunk (Cost of Rhône Master race) and I just received my pay... Long live the temporary work and the precarious job that pays you the 15 of the month!
Big bisoux in air!
Raaaah, he's in promise this week and I said I didn't crush!
Matthias Fakl, who was responsible for France's foreign trade: "Europe will have to break out of its naivety to defend itself."
Ah and did he do what school of bourn to understand it at 40 years?
The CGT, stuck in its 19 th century mentality, didn't understand that it was overtaken by the 21st century.
Their last big blow, in 1995, was not counteracted by: internet / teleworking / über and coveting / skype / RT in advance.
And it's this inability to adapt to their times that condemn them.
Evidence again this week, when they shared their secret plan... by maling list.
Salaries of capitalists at the service of banks, they dared to COPPEPER COLLLER. Our REEEEEEEEEEEEEE plan
In Pacific Rm UPE, [John Boyega plays a renegotiation that gets stuck with a shit who likes robots) (/ spoiler).
Edit: Adjuiler, it's that people can't manage to hold their slips without making a break of anarchism as soon as we talk about a thing that has just come out.
President of "start-up nation" surrounded by a "team love", Macron will defend French-speaking.
Oh Oh, thank you XD Sometimes the pipes are just shit face, what...
Pogba has returned to close casquets.
When you think that some prefer it to Matuidi.
Is WPD illegal in France?
Ooooooh fucking, I remember it.
It's indeed one of the most striking.
The cry is so much... Primary?
It looks like a wounded animal, there is such distress in the voice that it slide me the blood and my heart had to miss one or more beating.
But who will be the next president???
Nevertheless, the Communist Party did 16%; almost as much as Meluche!
Outside the circle, why all Ping u / Frensoaria?
But they're going to joke on it and blame you after XD!
In the scientific world, we laugh about it.. (aka, it's vulgar punclick)
Long live the multi-ethnicity of our societies, it's not the future it's not like if all the countries that have experienced it have done Edit: prove me that it's false or that I say anything at least.
Yeah, unfortunately the only internet provider in my region bell.
Bienon, after years there, finally, by offering us the best packages that are lit to announce who will raise their lol price.
When the wise shows the fortune of Bernard Arnault...
The fact that salary work is a farm is also a leftist thing, talking about the private sector and the public, a bit as if all wealth was collective, it's also a leftist thing.
Tell directly "people who are not left wing they are too stupid", it will be faster.
Unless you have not realized that other people don't think these things.
Osti has been looking for a te since a job to show a friend a young bullshit.
But I still have misery to find who suspects might benefit from this project.
The horses of the bourgeois sister will be bound to get to the balance, social traiter!
Aweille Nunavut, continue like so.
The best thing to do is to have two brands / sracks different.
(There are less troublesome U)
[META] Intersaying the petitions and requests for signatures from political party site.
Are you going to answer that to all the positions here?
I recently learned that 1 patient out of 4 reached prison cancer refused total or partial subscription to see his chances of dying increase by 100%.
Are we talking about it anymore about it?
I saw a stream on Nioh if I don't confer (a like soul in medieval Japan?
It seems very nice too!
Are you playing on pc or 4?
If you play on the pc, has it been well adapted?
I'm going to live in London in less than a month and I did nothing at bank level, insurance, etc. It's serious?
Besides, I don't even know what to do.
I imagine I'm going to have to open an account there; but I have to tell myself how I'm sure I'm so careful.
Those who did that, would you have advice about what I should prepare?
I'm trying to see what needs to be done before leaving but the sites are advising almost nothing except like having a ID card valid.
Promise, I'm making it soon!
Do you just make copying coler and shape it alone?
Stem cells are recycled very well.
We say it's tortuouche.
I like cigars and saparlipette, but it's dusty when I'm more colourful.
And above all, it makes it possible to do randoms bikes for several days / weeks is right of a 100 without a day per day.
He is not especially pro-Macron either.
Try / freeze the mixes?
As a mammmal, I also have some tetons and therefore mourns (minuscule, but still).
Finally, for me, it makes more sense than René who talks about fesher.
What do you have as a heating system?
Coutuère, just like the right of the same name that still goes to settle certain things?
No, I propose a runway, I don't downgrade a truth.
> Mather!
Whoff, but in kindergarten the parents when they come to look for their taste can you talk to the prof, no?
It's not the college / high school where there is no contact there.
My plan cannot be perfect!
Yeah sorry, I was talking about a Green in the place of newfag.
Internet policy, not even, I'm approaching it (well, I read the comments to laugh a good one)
There is a series of very popular TV channels that deal with the phenomenon of girls who save from their parent.
On Friday Friday - 2018-03-16 Ok, I note in my pocket.
Yesterday don't say what to do, I zapped on the report "21 days" on the 4.
10% of the adult population in France is affected by illiteracy.
One in ten people still!
Yes finally, black women are the only demography that voted for more than 90% for Clinton.
Otherwise the beautiful alternative I find is the maps of virgin visits (so white) where you write the number.
It's not easy and it's less disgusting than a piece of paper and you can prepare one in advance.
Properly 76 / Trater.
But I have a pool champion to film the other roles as well that consists of: Widow / defenceless, Roadhog / D.Va in tank, Zenyatta / Mora in tank
After the Elo Hell I don't think it too much, coming from LoL I know that while we're good, you're doing it anyway.
He made Downvote because it seems he's a copier apparently.
: p I have little crisp story to tell at the moment.
Apart from my friend who calls me mini 2h because she finds my voice "sexy"
I was hypothetical but good, if the shots as the Americans say;)
r / france is 10 years old today!
You have to ask what divinity?
Music has bottom at 6: 30 when you wake up!
She had a list and she remembered the forms / sizes of gender 20 guys and she ranked them by performance so what you're saying doesn't surprise me even!
QS is a federalist conspiracy, confirmed as a fuck.
cultural-France banner Proposal: Le Pen Mirir de Magte.
Not convinced that it makes super in the banner format honestly.
Of course, but look at the r / france population compared to r / jelevo.
Forced the least post (even on the FL) at 10x more visibility.
or so it shows that salvi is moderated.
You can read the sentence in the sense that you want you to be a facho or a leftist (like you)
Every two days I see on Reddit that Trump has a (again) doing a bullshit, the only reactions is "It's bad. But we're going to do nothing about it."
It's not possible, in France, if Macron had said half of the bullshit that Trump said, it would be a guillotine.
Let us want him to have a fair and fair trial and justice is done: * Khaled Belkacemi, university professor * Aazane Soufiane, the father of three children, owner of a butchery * Abdelkrim Hassane, father of three children, analyst programmor * Abubaker Thabi, the father of two children, would-worker * Mamadou Tanou Barry, the father of two children, accounting officer * Ibrahima Barry, the father of four children, IT IT people
It's going to be a big shit.
The result is that I'm not going to take my city's bus anymore and I will go to the hub directly by car.
The REM will come out of it all the south.
/ u _ french _ chinese _ man to have your debit you had what Orange offer?
They are in a shortage of kiick side "laugh", "idiots"?
Such a provision would be contrary to the law "Informal and Liberty" since IP address is considered a personal data so we can't make it public without the consent of the user.
And let's forget a successful soup, it's a soup that we've had at long last.
I ask politics for political pr jucluk.
And he will save us from our sins!
I apologize for being so brutally frank, but I think it's related to this kind of request.
Mc, there are two possibilities.
Either you read, or you don't read.
If you read you you'll always find a nice thing, and if you don't read it, it's not very serious. There are many other hobbies there!
You can't recommend a lira to "subject to a lack of intellectual reflections".
It's by reading books that like you that you will give your little reflections.
Well, you don't know your taste either, according to the title you quoted you like the SF, well read of the SF my guy!
I think it's a lot of "women" find that cool (on the other hand, we appreciate the way you're calling us females especially in Italy).
You're going to walk in a bookshop, open up books, sow them and find something nice.
Sorry of this shot but frankly it's not difficult to find something for oneself in today's world!
Do-It-Yourself Wednesday - 2018-03-21 Thanks for your answer (but not for gorillas).
Yes, of course if it's a night yeah but if it's plan it's different, I think.
There are people for whom they don't care and people for whom there must be a minimum of ailments.
But this OP I imagine he doesn't necessarily look for a evening.
Do you have an idea where I can find this online?
I'm drunk if you want but not in A0.
In any case, it made me laugh.
They don't support the al?
Whether Marseillais are happy, it's conceived but "the rest of France"?
Do you want them to stay back all day if they want to shit at 11th?
I also wonder how you know that there is still a shitty shit, you put cameras in the toilet?
I too, but I realize that my vote would have changed nothing against the steamroller of bad taste.
This competition is a lesson of life (depressing) on this sad tragic world.
It refers to spasms pre-coma ethyl.
"You're dry like the Sahrawi and I feel like doing the thing with glass paper 60" seems a good start.
Oh no, it was for Monday sex.
We need to arm the old ones.... ah no, not this time!
To get bogged down to watch shit.
Do I tell when my boss surprises me on your porn?
No, I have a dignity.
You're certainly going, but I still did it because why not: I took over a Micromania chib of September 1991 by putting prices in euros, taking into account inflation.
You just have to accept that people don't know how to use / do not understand Reddit.
And again, I think we are well off on r / france.
But it's true that it's still raging!
Unreligious not all religious (even anti religion shit) but for once I see it as a good child.
u / jehaisleschildren, is it you there in the dark?
Moving from employee to self-entrepreneur?
The way we're at it is that there is a big project with lots of tasks.
I could charge to work or calculate a kind of package that they could spend.
I don't know what is best, I didn't like not too much counting the hours.
To motivate people to speak a language, the media is still what is most useful.
> and it's almost only to keep France as a world power within the UN, which Macron, who had nothing to do with French-speaking in his electoral program, easily returns his jacket to show the other color.
But we don't care, as long as your interests agree, no?
Thank you! (for the wish of a good day)
I confirm: I'm French, I'm a con.
Late to party late but at the moment I'm playing off 2, it's so good.
Just the choice of the words.
There is still a world between fatigue quickly and being impotent..
France is Ble, especially under snow.
I have the possibility of visiting, but only in my dreams... <unk> <unk> I think that living in Quebec brings me closer to this beauty.
> The blockchain makes it possible to dispense with this tier of confidence, in the vast majority of cases it's not useful so using a joke rather than a good vice DB is simple.
Except that your blockkchain is enough to be distributed to have third parties and to prevent minors changing it.
First option: a public joke, but I doubt that even Ethermm all support the flow of chickens from carrouff.
The other option is a private joke with why not minors who do not have to do a proof of work but be agitated by a central authority and there in any case there is the same confidence problem.
You hold a good concept of AskReddit, there's a karma to be made.
There was a call to ask not to restart the book, not to ban it.
Another terrorist act perpetrated by the American factions of r / food.
First thought: France owes it to the atomic bomb, second thought: In fact, it's not worth it. They're not going to die.
No, I already told you that the _ Donald was unequal:) Then, in terms of hate and bullshit, there is indeed an equivalence between the left and the right.
The left has subs dedicated to Trump, the subs dedicated to putting links to other subs, frequent cases of calls to hate or the murder of republicans etc.
You asked, you're served.
If ticket purchases (ticket from ticket from ticket, distributor, timesstamp, no Blue Card card if dispo) are not kept a few years away the RATP problem < - > IT is bigger than I thought.
Fake News of the week by the journalist Lauurrence Haim, former spokesperson for Emmanuel Macron.
The Bolt and bitot the Leaf 2019 have a Li-Iion block of 60kwh.
Winter you can do 300km.
Are you doing your bread well?
I read a large part of BPRD that I love very much, but for opposite reasons: design banal (not Minola what), but super scenario (I love this fall inexorable toward the end of the world, everything will always be worse and worse).
Not worse, my man!
Did not this point, precisely?
At least we don't have Cheddar already, so if, it's less worse.
The glar of the stars.... <unk> <unk> sorry <unk> I <unk> <unk> le <unk> <unk> plus
Nevertheless, he touched 25 people in total with handcuffed hands what is huge!
postponement for kind if he did that with a single charger on the other hand.
> You mean xQc?
He turned himself from the Overwatch League for this kind of behavior.
> and idiots fans "They dare to appreciate something I hate, they're necessarily stupid!"
I admit that it was above all to add a layer that I said that.
And well there are only 19 different carnivores in metropolitan France?
Uh... given the section of the bouquins, it's only drunk.
€70 for four bouquin, it makes €17,50 per butquin.
There are Phe editions to this prixxy.
It's still denials, Inhuman figures.
I have always associated this name with the bcbbg sectarian a bit boring at the top, and for our first lady recently.
So it makes me annoy to see it in Overwatch.
In the same way, it's very funny, and very funny, and mosquitoes even if it's 5 °
He at least has missed a lot to get there...
(showcase thinking) Why do the apples brown once cut off?
Clo thinking of shower / response of the internet.
I make you graciously discover the answer in 1 click (it's going to surprise you!)
I live in France for 2 years and I like your country.
Thank you for everything, I don't want to leave.
I'm missing my guy, it's serious?
Russian test and I think he should quickly find.
Otherwise what the next step will be.
killings organized everywhere, the war in Crimea (officially Russia doesn't participate but Vladimir distributes with soldiers who were on the front), let's get back and the hackers. Sorry the brothel (Macron's shore account, mails.....
relations with Russia should be much better.
This smells the guy (or mef) salt for having received a paper asking him to do less bumper at night.
It's not to say but to me the messages I post to my neighbors have a lot more classroom.
Internal rules of a French company... in 1831 * afternoon, on Reddit * Ca seems reasonable.
That's what I was saying. Since I have this pc, I'm using only cleaning & co, I'm not downloading anything, I've always paid attention by sailing on the web and it happened overnight when I started the PC.
I also didn't install soft soft with the con: / But the Hack tool (KMS) can be broken, and it seems that it's very common.
I use the BBox wheel, put 100 bullets in a new wheel that doesn't heat me but see
The same, but another cabinet, and never received a letter
Do not think that a Hot Chicken alone is deductible.
I wrote a story that you are the hero player online!
The karmahoring aspect disturbs me, just like the thousands of posts after each death of celebrity.
My part has crashed then I have to bother myself...
> > The government wants to put an end to the status of "railway workers."
Are you in favour or against?
72% favorable / 28% against > > To oppose reform of the SNCF, unions plan to organize a relic strike.
Does you seem justified or unjustified?
63% unjustified / 37% justified > > The unions of Air France require a general wage increase of 6% and call for a day of strike on March 23.
Do you believe their legitimate claims?
64% No / 35% yes / 1% NPSP > > Do you think these movements of unions could lead to a complete blockage as in 1995?
50% No / 49% yes / 1% NPP
I'm not even remember my first time: (.
Properly, the quipes receship something gentle: Scientific que data: Ext in ML / IA / Regeniur Ingeniur data: Expert on data and data pipe Ingeniur Logisky: Expert in development. Alternative Analyst software: Expert in company affairs / knowledge field.
The business analyst can easily replace anyone who knows the field well.
If you had two testicular the two times where you checked, does it not make four in total?
The game is changing constantly, personally I like it a lot, so I'll when I'm going to do it a little bit a bit.
> Moche is making a lot of change this point right now, quite a few things have changed, and they are preparing to change all the models of character (so all the animations, armies, etc., not the choice).
> History not interesting I leave you alone, I'm not interested, but I had some good feedback.
> The argument that gave me an attempt is the immense "tale of" immense talent, which allows us to build the spoilt we want freely.
Except that if you find out about the forums, we realize that if we want to reach the lady lady, you need a bud right from the beginning, and the reshale is so relaxed that it's advisable to go back to a new persono.
As the league is shit, no thanks.
First of all, I don't know when you've tried the game, but the mol has changed a lot (we've moved from doing three times the four men with different difficulties to ten acts only once, by personal, this says).
Then, it's true that in order to go far enough, we can't go to the pif.
But there are a lot of spods that can do all the content (actually, with the investment, almost everything).
internet guides are not always very fair, or easy to reach for a deal, but there are things to do quite simple and very nice to play.
After, you have to be ready to learn a lot to play freely, it's very dense, not very easy to access.
By the way, I come to your last point, if you now poke a tuto, you have to admit that it's a horror to start.
and on the flasque, you need to look at them like witches in its own right, and unless I misunderstood what you say, there is not really alchemist, and the class that uses the most the flasque is hyper.
(and the Video that you put, it looks hyper shit to play, I confirm).
After each of his gates, but I had to promote the game a little!
I was talking about from a technical point of view (the scientific approach, how are the experiences) because yes, there's no report we agree.
But out of curiosity, I'd like you to explain the different experiences as well (if it's not too long).
It doesn't know anything about it because it's precisely edited <unk> <unk> He also kidnapped T _ D from the front page because it did not correspond with his political opinions.
I apologize, but your source is a bit biased.
I prefer the agreement to the past personally.
What are the magazines, sites, reference charts on the French / French-speaking E-gaming?
I don't know if it's a reference, but I like Gotaga, Skyroz, Millenium, Oserv Especially about Fortnite do other games as well Edit; it's channels gang of balls that downvote.
An anti-trav brigade is rife in our streets > Embracing a trans person (whether or not he is qualified or not) poses no concern if the latter has values compatible with the work that asked him.
If only the DRH were not subject to the needs of companies.
The social debate is a risk for business and so it's generally not by default ("why take the risk" is the default solution), just as people visibly are seen as problematic, why take the risk when you can just say that they don't match the company's expectations?
A modern box demands standard people who will provoke as little emulation as possible, it facilitate integration into the box to take "standard" employees (that doesn't excludes minorities as long as they stay discreet) so why add a potential problem?
Discrimination & Cie is very annoying and risky for a private company, so avoiding the problem at the time of hiring.
Edit: And for "[...] Do not hope to find work..." Do not worry they can always work for Uber / Deelivero, it's not a job where the employer is watching when his employees are passive.
It leaves a chance for the bullard who served his 10 years and decided to betray the rules of society more, but it also leaves the door open to the most virulent, some political orientation / societal orientation.
The final balance I'm not able to judge but there is all everywhere and it's no more bad (some won't agree, ok).
Houh the Slavonic defense is an opening of failure head-on... 1. d5 D5 22. And what I transmitted in my message are only facts, research for "NRA memberds" on Google has increased by 4900% after the episode on control firearms.
As it is on its declaration of heritage (value of the family house under evaluated), without forgetting the other affairs of its party (fictitious job, on charge accounts of campaign)
The article is payable, what are the claims?
And the Killian people are talking about it?
In 2 years of post-bac education I had 3, born between 98 and 99.
And then a shot comes out "Killiane" a shot "Killian".
Pensioners, "privileged" or "milk cows"?
seen this morning, posted by a member of this marvellous generation: "i 68: young people are in the street! Mi 2018: pensioners are in the street! They're the same!"
The horrible irony doesn't even help them eyes.
It's a risky bet for sovereignty, the left, social democracy and Tutti quanti.
The notion of sharing is clearly less there but by removing as a whole that goes very well, right?
Or do I miss something?
I'm leaving you to do your own job, the french to criticize France or Taiwan. Why else do you keep the NCF National?
EDIT: and if you really want to cry about Reddit, will hold the speech on / r / Singapore
Aaaaaaah.... 8 years later, I just permeated....: o'ain, I was well told that I was missing something given the upvotes.
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> a <unk> <unk> <unk> little little <unk> <unk> <unk> rae <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>, <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> must have <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> to have <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> the eye
The only internet service that I'll have little access to is by Mirode.
Ji 5mbs and 300 gang gang gang.
It's almost impossible to play a online game and to eclipse a youtube video on youtube.
1 gig of download takes me about 1hour.
The worst thing in his whole is that my neighbor has 500 metre a fiber bullet.
The state will assign Google and Apple to justice, I know.
But they are largely able to know their sales by Stop.
They know that the French stole is X M M.
If you are still awake, you just have to steal 1 hours of sleep.
Well, no, we won an hour... What are you not going to do?
Well, first of all, your body thinks that if it's.
What's like touchy?
I don't see why it's not legal to do that, there are many toilet dogs.
Otherwise you'll have the bag for dog too, I'm going to buy it, then it's just a story to get used to it, not to exceed a few% of its weight (from memory 10%?) and especially to balance the two sides well.
Are you listening to me?
I'm getting a lot of money.
Ah it's not yet finished?
I knew this series in 5th (it's more than 15 years), through a friend who lent me tome 1 in English.
After about 20 minutes on the first page, I gave up.
Nothing funny is funny but nothing horribly dramatic; more than 80 years old, die at home while we are still fully standing and with all his head, after an honest and well-filled life, it's not far from being ideal I think.
Of course, it's very hard for his family, and having not been able to move me for the burial, so I write a letter of condolences.
It is possible to measure this discrepancy (for example: 13 seconds per month) and to configure the PC to regularly re-settle the clock with the opposite discrepancy.
Of course it's terribly geek, and of course it's planned under Linux and not under Windows.
The "hwascky / configuration program" ("/ etc / adjeltim) serve this.
And of course with the omnipresent networks and NTP, all this is no longer used.
You forgot the beet, the house cornips, the ketchup to fruits as well, the house credit.
Talk about women's rights, it's 8 March!
11 consecutive calendar days;) To ask with a month of notice, which is practical while the date of the birth / exit date is impossible to guess.
Otherwise magnim manage (among others) light on the eiffel tower.
Frankly, in addition to confirmed the cliché that says we are poorly polite and pretentious bullshit, you can misinterpret the guy's comment and the law of 1905.
During a mourning, we avoid this kind of futility.
Come over a bit, and before you interpreters freedom of expression as well, know that it comes with the freedom not to open it and to learn what is secularism.
There's no way it's discreet.
But I'm shit about alternating coffee and frenting geal.
AJA, that "ponder", it means "who gives his name to", and not at all "who draws his name from".
You missed your life my guy.
/ u / Redecox: the old and philosophical discussions (especially the lack of life) / u / Caneloupy: divorce and ecology / ecology / u / Ziiggythestardust: a normal guy and fun like many, but with stories to tell / u / Cur4ge: the curiceans
His individual responsibility, he commits him when he takes his money back.
Your responsibility begins when you leave it.
Seriously, there's no tax in what you're showing, it's link to you to support QS.
At least it's honest to say that it's who gets you, lol.
I would like all the moderation actions to be consistent with my principles.
Otherwise, I take that as a personal attack on the part of moderation and I would even say harassment.
moderation should be subject to my sensitivity but also to that of each of the sub of the sub even if it goes against my principles, but so I would take it like harassment.
Now drunk you, but especially done as I'm want.
When it lacks salt, taste completely collapses.
Personally, I was condoned by the scam from the scam.
How is it that national newspapers like leonde, e Parisian, and others don't talk about it?
But they are also affected by what I understand.
We can buy things directly on Reddit?
On the other hand, there is a big feeling of amateurism that emerges from all the cacs that are going on at the moment in Paris.
It's in France that we take the most time to eat.
Why is it too fast?
If we limit ourselves to a resonable portion or is it the problem?
and a memetameta category for the metamea category discussions
No, it's cheating, you denigrate the whole thing.
My brother is at 3000 + hours on Diablo 3, and if it's two or three times as much as a editor, I can't be sure I'll resonate it.
> So I'll stop immediately, I'm not saying either that we have to spend his time being oisif and having smoke apps in the crap, but no human being is not done for "all these infamous, repetitive, alienated, stressful, stressful, stressful A misery, which everyone hate to do, but done by necessity" as it was said lower.
When I saw the accusations of communism, if I had seen a political system that arm me, I would have quoted it directly, I would not have been amused to make a paze.
;) But are you seriously afraid to answer my questions?
I don't understand you answer so quickly but not what I ask politely!
The Impress song is pretty insipid indeed (and really less well than they did before) and very repetitive, but it's what works no?
How can we prevent people from putting pictures of my child on Facebook?
It's your kid, he is a minor, you do what you want.
It's you the legal guardian, you have the right to tell them to go crazy at Tucks.
If you have already said politely and kindly and the debiles don't print, you go to your top above.
You're always saying, but firmly, no, you don't let them take photo, or you're shit from your house.
Even once it will be enough to send out the message.
The problem of families with people like "The Tucks" (so almost all families), is that you can't PAS send out a nice message.
They are in their trip and if you say something you will be the relax of service, and you'll be ignored.
Like "oh well, he's annoying Michel with his rules in the con, it's going to fall just 4 bottles, we've done worse hein, go, I'm queuing with <unk> ie still a cable and take the keys" without even understanding why their behavior is not good. neither accepted nor acceptable.
You're going to be relaxed in all cases, so as much as is clear and quick before the habits are too anchored, or what your daughter already has a + instragram + twitter on her name without you knowing.
And if they put them on social networks without telling you, you indicate and ask for the withdrawal.
They killed the possible coherence that remained: D
I doubt that your success is attributable to your coast geek in this case.
Are you a guy interesting to physics?
If yes (or even partially) here is the reason.
We give shitty quality care: overwhelmed by the influx of patients, emergency workers testify.
I know it's super complicated But what do we do?
Given that it's funny to find potable photos from the first PM of the Ve, I propose that no.
Should we remove Parisian metro stations?
It works, how if your journey requires a number of stations?
Two out of three devices sold by Apple are still used!
TLDR: 1.3 billion iBidules in operation, 5 years of average life span.
Ah seen like that, okay!
A good example that changes everything: D
Not too * sent from an iPhone *
Maybe it's the right or the left when you are as deep in your ideology. You're not worse than a religious integrist.
What happens if you don't make a shit for 40 days?
We will see when I'm going to be in an EAPHAD: D
Nope is not black writing on white:) (finally, if that's really good that you ask me) It makes me annoy a little already.
The Return of the Radio didn't understand the system.
You're cooking for the old people, it's not your little retired account on which you're accused of American, so we're cooking for him at the moment.
French people are the champion of double negativity.
Especially after high school or education remains very general.
Most of the things seen at the technique university are new for everyone.
And the fact of having done S or ES changes nothing (by you know nothing in medicine in both cases).
And physical tools are either review or not use.
Every 3 months, and saisser when it starts to postpone too much.
If you're a solid hair it goes and you can hair you.
But you need good hair otherwise you're taking too expensive and they break: /
Survey taken for the Quay of Seine.
Do you know what match you need to fish for?
Rather on the apprenticeship or a decoy?
The Ding is banned on the FL, it was forced to answer: p
Fiole of potions (limit if not etc.), a regulated post format format format A4, a letter of acceptance to Poudlard?
AJA that the Feminine France's XV is a train to make a big guy, OKLM
What did he mean "it's still a big guy"?
It's not to point out a certain importance?
I'm changing the horns on Saturday night, I'm just telling myself that I'm running up a little late like that
When a Reddit who tells me tells me that it's too much, it's paka I don't have a good karma?
Or everyone is in the same boat.
I'm not going to give up my pesticide role for all that, I want to prevent!
Try scary, on their VPS, you can install an entire image that is seedbed.
For the crypro currency, I didn't see from VPS with powerful PPU and at a reasonable price, it will certainly be better to continue to miner on your PC.
YOUR OPENION ON PHIY IV LE
How to talk about Queen!
Crime the club is in shape at night!
Glorfindel and Aragorin on the bridge, before the rank of Bruen, in the middle of the Nazguls.
Thank you brother.
With pleasure:) Well, good day!
Maybe it's a shitty.
No Fop Falls Challenge: Is life better when you stop obscured?
I'm getting bogged down when I'm envy of the brothers. I wish you all the grants and the empty balls and never the opposite.
So much, this sentence summarises my pavé better: D.
I can give you some advice.
Already we need to know that cigarettes, soft drinks, beer and a huge list of food (which you will be able to look for on your favorite search engine) increase the amount of gas.
So it's a question of getting older to an anti-flame life hygiene.
After that, I managed to get around this problem thanks to the powers of the brain.
The human body is simple and it likes cycles, so try to force you not to give up shit at work and relax you during the right moments (in the wake of the weekend, the weekend,...).
You will see that your body will very quickly understand and your problems with flaulences will disappear little by little without you taking into account.
It's about that it's hard when someone with whom you had real collusion must move away because of other events: / Go better now than like 1 year after 1, see more: (Calinternet is profiting from life!
However, the singular of * media * it's * media *.
> Pith of radiance Pah of Radiance. Not expensive it risks being tough, it's one of the most expensive Fire Emblem: (
No it's the form * * present * * and it's not correct in the phrases in the text.
That would be ok: the person * resident * for this address.
Otherwise rarely as an adjective like the doctor resident.
But if there is not a conurbation name with, an adjective cannot also be a subject by saying "the resident". Must should be said the resident resident, but it's cellonasmic and pleonasmic.
(I may have invented the last word but I don't write an article me.
Even if I say * a * article yes I write a * article *.
EDIT: prey and not past, pure slip.
95% of the words ending (including it) by having it are.
Clearly what I wanted to say.
- Come on gold!
Not the HRP, but if you have more general questions about the randdo / the equipment I can answer it.
What do you think about positive discrimination?
> You're thinking that positive discrimination in hiring or ecole is going to create shit.
> He also thinks that social aid also creates shit.
It's more coherent, what do you want me to tell you?
Relorize mec and come to talk about coherence..
But the macro villain is destroying the public service...
And I'm back to the civil in a month.
Coup of VSD - 15 March 2018 The fans of Trump fans the same pictures as VSD and the media (lip du) with Macron.
Companies are closing en masse (ex Toys "R" Us) then Macron is preparing a law to punish the unemployed.
Traire, as long as the MaiMay is still hot!
We were still there before...
Or did I say that you had to turn under Arch?
The word "nèg * *" mentioned in the duties of a primary school
The insulting of thought is something I have trouble seeing like anything other than bullshit.
This has been particularly harmful in Third World countries, where intellectuals have accessed this irrationality, even though there is a crying need for rational discourse to influence the real world.
Before you talk about deconstruction, from Dida, it's just rational up.
I get the impression that you're confusing things here.
What did your wishes on Parcoursup?
I don't know the star stats of r / France on the users, but I think the 16 / 18-year tranche must not be in large numbers on the site.
Frankly, what urgency do you talk about?
Reports in the street that ask for 06?
And what is the man's fault if putting a god in a pocket on a yoghurt pub is selling?
(There are many Mexican people here?)
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> a <unk> <unk> <unk> jojole <unk> <unk> <unk> naze <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
It leaves not a lot of time to be educated about dietics, study glypicic Index, the influence of such nights on health and take the time to look at the nutrition contributions of each product rather than direct directly to the promotional radius.
1 - The US administration has only to make itself a bastard and punish the owners of the big distribution if they try to transmit the cost of regulation at the price of buying their products. (unlikely)
If we talk about rising prices on dietary depressed products, I see it as an idea to develop.
A dietary tax could even be used to tax bad products and lower the price of healthy products (Supplementary to debate)
2a - following your logic, it can almost be said that all the regulation on the packages of clopes is useless because everyone knows that will lead to cancer.
3 - We can also just imagine that in the long term, a better nourished population will be more happy, productive, in better health, and that all this will be financially less on the rest of society.
What is the bise? They are refined in canave for 24 months?
AJA that the French people are actually all trade unionists:)
Zimbabwe has a problem of size: Chinese condoms imported into the country are too small Oooooooh: - (
I also confirm, we did tests and were lured from the result in the voluntary translation group Frameang (well, after, we don't really use it, given that it takes away everything in our collective work!)
Very widespread in a lot of society and accepted as status status.
Here in France it already goes less...
A tardy paste (made for oneself for the most motivated), everything in it, a bit of cheese above to mask all that, and paf!
Facebook sinks into the crisis, the application recorded your SMS
Micorsooft with W10 is the same now, it's a move this OS in terms of personal data security.
When Apple, there is still a huge difference on MacOS, it's that you can still top Apple Stop app, iTunes or Saafi in the dustbin without making OS unusable, then the Linux solution remains.
So your 24 years old: installing in your appart after 2 foil and squatting in your piw since then, knowing how to make pasta, it doesn't suit its slips, it doesn't work exclusively, you feed itself exclusively on fries and nuggets and pay for it. Not his share of the races.
You found a champion looks like it looks!
I don't know for Lebanon but I advise you to charge your card as long as you are in France as it's like it doesn't depend on the internet to charge it.
At worst, you can use what remains in France in the euro.
It's market for me in the USA.
I even won 2-3 under buying / selling bicycles with the app.
DES DES PARTUT REEEE
* A guy who tells you to receive photos that make him dream and help him to get out for a moment from a daily that he finds ugly: 1 point * A guy who answers that these dreams are like kid, and that reality is worse than the ugly daily newspaper: score, 12 points of doubt, we're good in France.
Personally, when I'm thinking of evicting myself in my imagination, I learned to do it either alone, or with my foreign friends.
I love my country, but fuck what we like to shoot others down.
Yeah finally I have telecoms you have Orange who deplores the majority of the fiber, who launches a lot of tests on 5G etc.
I looked at your 200 former contributions. It's just the sylilline phrases.
In short, it's hot air, not an argument you resemble at the coast in "the unknown in the house"
As much as the concept of France that oppresses its colonies and ille their raw materials, it sounds good, it reminds you of the history classes of Mrs michu in second place, but in concrete terms, what do you refer to?
(I ask the question seriously right) I don't really see how the peasant Auerergnat or the Breton fisher benefits from the money "of others".
(Apart from the European subsidies, at the limit, but we created them for that very reason)
A lot of BT default can be anticipated or minimized more quickly!
"There's no objectivity for women in France."
Make this bikini leoppard to your 40-year-old girl.
Yes she has no breasts, yes the leopard is vulgar, and then? "
You can't say anything anymore on r / france... Here are the beautiful mm.
And automatic vickering of the semester when the blockages prevent classes for several weeks.
More seriously, because I was starting to bift on the troll's slope, I'll not call it a fair trial of intent in the measure or a post (of menec-murder) questioned me because it's amalgam between T. Ramadan, the Muslims in general and the conspiracy theory.
And all this applauded by high votes obviously.
So obviously it deserves correct, in my way, but correct.
We can practice your faith, don't know T. Ramadan, and refute any conspiracy theory.
Same that kills me to see the number of redditors who bring it back to railway workers, to strikes or to jokes on Trump...
Chamnéné of the Quebecois mentality
It's beginning to be a good gang!
It's like a meeting Fesfo or what kind of gender
I thought that French people thought they were superior. And only 73% admit it.
The French are false modest...
Don't get a double face with him!
No, yes, bikes too can surprise it.
It's also for that reason that they have reserved paths, and otherwise, a little carillon to prevent pedestrians: I use and abuse when I move on bike, some think it's to say "release" whereas in fact it's to say "attention, bike I'm You saw but not you".
So the bikes, silent, have to make themselves heard by pedestrians.
Without jobs, you're going less on the market (because the recruiter knows that you lose money if you don't accept).
If it's nice to negotiate 4 months it's completely possible (especially with a move).
Or then negotiate two weeks without solicited leave using your leave balance of your previous employer is also possible.
When you ask you for dispos, you put on the table the fact that you have X weeks of notice + Y to solder, so in the hypothesis that you sign at the end of next week it would lead to...
Finally, it's also a little too the excuse of the Americans who to accuse Clinton and the Democrats of having missed their campaign... the fact is, a lot of herds voted like shit.
Faced with the CRIF, Macron refuses to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Given the star, it makes it more satano-maçonic.
He really teaches his mother's race your comment.
Already answered, you need to read the comments and watch the video until the end.
> I admit, a guy who shouts "dirty facho" is perhaps actually a Mussolini admirer himself.
Stimulus so has publicly shown that you don't know what antifa means.
> It's not a mirror, it's mostly the inconsistency of your part.
Ok, you don't know what inconsistency incoherence means.
> It's not them who transfer them, they ask their friends SO or fliks to transfer them.
Antifas threaten physical violence, it's different.
And nothing allows you to assert with certainty that they are antifa.
I get the impression that you're left with people who think that this cull is made by you a processor.
Sorry to tell you, it doesn't work like that.
> You should really watch the video.
We'll give you that you know you as a repeat of repeated;
If it's done we now have to ponder the documents you consulted with what you obviously did not understand.
Fascism of fascist rabble-rousing does not make you an antifa.
You need the time to digest a name.
Also, what is funny is that the new names are sometimes tested on familiar animals.
(sorry for the defender of the animal cause) Think of a Max or Issis.
This video, and this channel in general deserve your time.
What kind of nice answer in honour of the poet who announces Herredia, Rimimaud and Mallarmed.
Like an albatros - what am I saying? A gypopy, he is looking at the replication of our humanity!
The post that gets upvotes only because he isn't too strong on the majority of the sub (EMM and center left), while he's down-effort, shit of mistakes, and mock.
Well no, the FN and the UPR are parties, so we need a card, so to be really a member.
Here, there's literally nothing as a limit.
The NPA, on the other hand, I admit I don't know it, but I doubt that many people want to damage it.
I'm going to be in France for a month.
Which cities should I visit?
Versailles (her house at least).
At least one Châtele of the Loire (Chamm?).
Brittany is clearly forgotten in your list when it's shit.
Don't go to Nancy, honestly it's sad to die.
The fact that it is based on gold makes it independent of the monetary system based on "artnette" (QE, printing money from central banks) and especially the dollar, whose value depends on the oil market (not enough gold US to guarantee the value of the currency).
Even conspiracy than with the CFA franc... > 2- The fact that a 2011 report coming precisely from the IMF (under the presidency of DSK), which more or less confirms the viability of this alternative currency, represents a risk to the US dollar based mainly on oil transactions (they have no Not enough gold to cover cash enough in traffic).
Grans risk for the dollar / s s.... ah, if you're really serious, you'll answer yourself even "Dollar" > We now know that Syria was just coming after, and that it was going to be a big piece.
ALLELUIHA > In any case, if there is one thing I'm sure is that the war in Libya of Sarkosy was not in the interests of the French or of France, but in his own and that of his "clan".
You will make the point to the families of the French 56 dead in the Libyan State attack, to the doctor and nurses from Bulgaria too....:) I'm sure that putting an end to a regime or European national are tortured and raped, it's not in our interest / S.
... sorry it's the morning.
We can start with the title of this video that holds more madness than you really do journalists' work.
He was just below in your comment.
> You are often wrong and history makes you wrong.
I give you that there's something to be like.
> When would you have been right?
Very practical to import data!
I use a lll that is called OpenXml for that.
It changes life!
It's not the festival of mothers <unk> <unk> <unk>
History to distinguish between numbers for Trump, and percentage of voting.
Not only on the side of attempted homicide but also pensions and damage.
Similarly, these people are rejected by society or largely deprived, why do you expect what they want to do for others?
Who of eggs or the chicken?
Society could be a little wiser than the individuals who make up it.
Yeah, between Saint Denis and noisy.
What a guy it's going to be.
Yes I thought there but no!
> I just toppled my coffee on my office and my jewel, the day begins well.
Facle to see who didn't read the article...
Who are the SDF who live in the streets of Paris?
You don't have their nationality, diploma and pro pro.
Taxation of GAFA: a tax "between 2% and 6%" according to Le Maire
> 2% on the CA, it's far from insignificant.
Don't follow the discussion as well, we said that 2% of CA for gay people makes 10% of tax rates, EC QUI TEST TRES.
For the rest, the flight of investors... What are you talking about?
We talk about taxing a turnover, what are neighbors going to do about Google or Facbook in France?
Nothing!
For the trouble, I'm going to get some leftovers this week.
Maybe you're tonight, I have to see if I have everything!
Plafto + chicken, it's great as well to do it.
He knew that it was not too safe for mines, that is why he took the risk of going through mountains (which lack to kill them) and the palantir only serves to spy (connect) another palantir (then they didn't have it). Just like that but you need the argument.
You're making an app paf, you can find out on the name of the pupil that is sending out a text that says that chatter-chat!
Media social = / = reality, but when you add journals this on the other hand...
Yeah ends the thing is that I don't see why you would continue to do quetes if it doesn't work.
(Yes, skins are nothing)
Losing 40% of your income makes it a nice leg when you touch a SMIC, apart from it it's just untenable if you want to maintain your standard of living!
(frankly, you have an interest in a war treasure as soon as your annual income exceeds 30K because unemployment is really not a security in this case!)
The bakery has coined home, it makes house ice screens, * * unequal * *
What are we waiting for from the Desjardins Movement?
I'm going to give you an index, they have a queue for them in branches.
Science has in no way proven the fact that God does not exist, it has just not proven that it exists.
All the bedul bell * of the Seas * are actually awful but the Cunard ships (especially Quen Mary 2) or Ponant, for example, their more elegant.
Do not generalize when...
In the series Martine... Haha, memes from Martine, always as cheaply, but still funny.
It's what shocked me at Chris Rock's audience: in france, there would have been everything in the public and there: only blacks and a white handful of white people.
We can see that the path is still long!
EDIT: Yes and the white / black differences, we are still there, the cow!
Baudrilard is anti-Semitism, Marxist as well.
Both exist much more in the Anglo-Saxon world than in France.
They are French theorists who lived through Americans.
coincidental as I'm, I'm in designing: @ jawcoer @ elizabethjeanyanyan @ Lliemonnoldstudios (linen paint) @ a @ continuous _ watatercoat in comic. That is: @ sarahaandsencle @ nathanch in tattoo: @ mumkosata @ sukitch @ sukitch @ maiddu science: @ naturo @ swnaowild @ cnr @ jhnhnbisha67 Disease If you want others to do it!
I'm also a lot of food (just nice patiseries or recipes) and photos of mighty animals (as on Reddit actually).
You can also follow tags, that can make you discover interesting profiles.
What a sporting camera for a 15-day thirst?
Yi 4k is the famous camera that gives cold sweaters in GoPro for years.
She goes perfectly into your budget and the video quality is really good (comparable to a Hero 5 black at €100 plus).
On the other hand, he is not ideal and she needs a box to go under water.
I don't know if she can resist the rain without.
You also have the Hero 5 session that can be interesting according to your use: all small, really simple use.
In any case, you will find a lot of accessories that are not expensive on Amazon to equip it anywhere
<unk> <unk> I <unk> <unk> I expect <unk> <unk> to <unk> <unk> amosism <unk> <unk> on <unk> <unk> the other <unk> <unk> parties <unk> <unk> parties <unk> <unk> in <unk> <unk> but <unk> <unk> I <unk> <unk> is still <unk> <unk> fresh.
Citizens' vote for or against the France's nuclear power Insoumise: what to do?
The same principle as r / circlejerk without the absurd assumed
Hey, I don't think I'm using the passport.
In the biblical doubt the doc.
I'm drunk I'm in a mourn, it's practical but I can't change anything: /
No, no, look at his history, he really thinks what he writes.
It's not a troll, just a brainbucked cacago.
In Pole Emploi they did not offer me anything apart from training training in info!
In particular, this list list is not bad, it's also via this one that I found the contacts of the post office for which I had an interview.
Then they responded positively because people from their labs know many people from mine\\ <unk> <unk> And if this path doesn't end, I haven't qqn who can offer me something else: still the network!
And yes the chance, you have to be in the right place at the right time > job of poisier Argh I have a doctor doctor in the genetics to whom we have been offered to become butchered... she is vegetarian.
It depends not quite on the relationship you have with it.
If you hear you well with him it is better to say to him that you just want to go through talks for the time being.
If it's a bullshit, you tell him nothing.
If it's neither one nor the other you do as you feel.
"Npoleon III Vistino Flod Victims in Tarascon" Painting by William Adolphus Bouguerau 1856.
Ah, but it's not the South West Tascon, it explains everything that I did not understand there with an altitude understood between 463 m and 1 187. How could they be flooded (South Tascon is mirror 3m 200m).
Nononononon, you keep your sausage with your sausage for Mrs Stardust.
Finally, was it not a political story anymore?
Like the guy was against the current party.
Maybe it's worth highlighting more;) Well done for the job!
My brain has buggled: p
What asked him what and how, especially?
When you were there it was cheaper than now I think.
: / The spirit of the ruhe would have an idea of bar paint and nice to neme?
Open enough late (22 / 23h?)
At the limit, you can count the alpha / beta inside, but 99% of you bought the game full of money to enjoy it.
For me at the beginning, there is a need for bonus 1 hero heroes (DPS / SUP / TANK) and after you take a back upp hero you manage well in every classroom too.
But if you only have played a week for a week, it's better a bit like playing play to seize the mechanics and learn how to counter every hero.
Too many seconds it's listened to before I take up...
Good luck, like with a dick pie.
It doesn't seem because overall, Japanese income is less equal than those of Canadians.
Their GPS index of 37.9 while our is of 31.6.
What do you use as French keyboard under Android?
I'm trying to use AnySofKeybooard, but the French package is pretty disgusting.
I'm looking for a thing with a bastard dictionary (collection), and especially touches to write in good French (French quotation, aposttrohe typographic)...
Ah I just had them that changed nothing at all!
You just put more time back after an arduous night, but you still have a lot of time to do full things.
- Monday morning - The commercial that comes with a project to be made for the same day - Le 3D - the sons that pour into the offices next door - Monday morning
What is the difference between a pigeon?
What age had Rimimimd had?
You can also illustrate what I'm talking about.
The new tactic of members of r / the _ dindon to counter the cryptofascist cabal of Reddit directors.
Is it a fake or is it true?
I filtered them before it was possible on Reddit so I don't know.
How do they do so to have so many upvotes?
We should do a sub alone to insult them without they knowing it!
That would be courageous!
And for the first, you only put pins at the graph to take the gods out.
Sten it's with the charger on the side.
I have a 22-year old one who plays Ogame: /
The beginning of a new 100 years war?
At 97 days of the World Cup, here are the potential players of the team.
What potential anyway!
For a little gain like me, I'm happy that my plan is easily successful.
Can you explain to me this sudden wave of achievement while it's being gripped since the creation that Facebook is only a personal data sub?
People are blind to this, or how do they go about it?
The one with the lawyer, "to review the top", "closed out"
That's why I specified "with a software of the next office office".
Personally, I'm also code on my PC with Ubusttu during the journey: p. I'm code for me on the other hand.
I'm not paid more for raising at 5 hours and going back to 20h, during the pro travels.
I'm not going to work for my company on the train...
For the moment I think I'm still far from the end, I will see it in a few days: And indeed there is a DLC, if I buy it after starting my part I could still do it in this same part?
Poor interest as well > (Last bar excluded) A particular reason or just that is too obvious?
But... it's shit.
Why does it make you annoy?
(PS: I hastened the knees by leaving a dustbin of a dustbin of a dustbin (paper, 1 / 2 empty))
(Which actor do you preer, DELor Belmondo?)
Ah, but there are people who are cools!
We just made a dwarf 3 with a friend, I liked a lot (first soup soup to which I play).
It's good enough to play the mantle with a friend since you often die, the mante often turns hah.
How would you locate in relation to dS3?
I think my friend is subscribed to the PS plus it would make us a good sequel, since we've almost ended up ds3.
It's all the same to hear the FI question the independence of all the media (held by the 9 billionaires) while journalists have no ideological or political link with their owner and pretend that Le Media is totally independent of the FI.
Surely we should not take for idiots.
Harry is a clacic head, but a powerful one and Ron is a real good Sidekiick who sits off.
So you end up everything except your beer?
I know but in the end it's me that the client will beg for his offer and Jsui a guol guy, well at best.
I don't think it's the gene to receive 3 d'd only tomorrow:)
How to eat in time of French people and like the French?
Already we have to eat at noon.
A real meal, not a sandwich on the chicken.
It is better for the main meals to be the one at noon, not the one in the evening, contrary to what we usually do.
With a real meal in the stomach, you'll get less hungry or earlier.
Then nothing prevents taking a collection at 16h or 17h.
At worst, you can't even take a little case light at 18h by coming home like 1 or 2 biscuits.
Nor do you want to cut off hunger and the risk is awake your appetite and too much (and badly) eat at this time.
The quality of food also has a lot to do with the sensation of satiety.
Giving fat and protein to glucius makes it possible not to be hungry any longer.
Companding demonstration: Make accounts or settle accounts?
And 8 minutes she says she gave the other one too.
The problem is that when I annoy me, I don't know and I don't know it very much: / And then she doesn't have a thea and I'm the hasty end of the month..
Wé, it's politically correct that pushed the guy to buck his full Jewish school.
Nothing to do with his nazism, dirty SJW.
Think about putting your Android keyboard in English... <unk>
But the formulation, the question, in short everything was thinking about you: p
I was still in Granoble not long, but now I'm in Paris: "(well, I'm going to spend time again from time to time!
Bin in general a seller likes to sell;)
And so they're doing everything to destroy ET, Mélenchon, and Le Media, for the sake of hamon.
Ah yes, I'm sure, I'm sure I'm sure I'll test all this.
Do you order them where your company in general?
In her cartons I found "The wife's book", with a manuscript note in the form of a page form "to read in full and before the marriage if possible".
I was well aware that the content could be collector, I didn't doubt how much.
It's really fun at the beginning and then I read on one of the cathos sites that are still selling this book: "Pierre Duhousehold (pseudonym of Father René Boisfroot, S.J., 1898-1959).
We've got a pot?
Not long ago they were looking for Ousama lol
The moderators chose to take inspiration from French rules that, in my opinion, are better to maintain a calm debate and avoid all want to kill each other.
Americans are about to make safe sakes where people only talk with people who agree with them, and this because of the rules of debate that are too cowardly.
I can be a guy?
Oh yes it's everything related: p
The power of the port of the Havre!
Not to mention that there are certainly some really major ones among them.
And I bet you are all "Made in Taiwan", heh... I'm saying that, I say nothing.
For reasons of privacy and security I'm not going to tell you "go if I'm dispo, I bring beer?"
But if I'm never ready to send a letter or worse a E-COURRIR with chatons!
And cable, we all need cable.
In fact, privatization started at the end of the 1980s, after a period of fraud (it's the country of the yakuza, we must not forget) and a decrease in the number of passengers (crisis forces).
So the government decided to start privatization by creating semi-private companies by regions (6).
But with still having the hand on it.
Moreover, it was early 2000 that some became completely private (not all!).
But in the end you still have the JR group holding the 6 companies.
So you have a semblance of competition, but * in the end * it's the same company.
And then the Ministry of Terristration, Infrastructures, Transport and Tourism still has a word to say.
Japan is quite special because you always have a semblance of competition and privatization, but the state is never really far away.
Whether it is voluntarily, or involuntary because politics is * very * friends with big companies.
> It always posed my problem, people who take their kick protest.
And those who take their kick to mass?
I did not want to “attack ” by saying that it's not adult to be like that.
I suppose it's a question of preference.
I agree with the repassage on the other hand.
Except there are golden regrets to respect in kitchen, tematies, things don't have to be done, with regard to cooking, the epers don't melt and how do they show their flavour?
To laugh before the vegetables but after the meat, when you still have oil in your pan!
Is there a consensus among the French population about immigration?
The media are pro immigration yes.
I'm differentiating "I have the right" = I can ask and do it, it's not forbidden (and the person in front of too the right to refuse by elsewhere) and the "it's my right" is, of course, my constitutional right = we can't refuse it.
In general a pro-IVG feminist committed to rather a tendency to listen to the second case of that it puts the word "right" in its sentence.
I'm little left to leave the benefit of the doubt but I still feel that they're often hampering the word law when we talk about IVG as if she wanted to convince that it was really a constitutional right.
22-16 It's a good thing.
It's the problem of life in society.
I'm not looking france TV and I don't listen to public radio, I'm paying anyway.
I don't want to have a child, I still pay for those of others.
I'm not in a assault but my taxes are still funding.
Ok that brings down absenteeism but see sick props over to students, is it desirable?
Try not he's mousturry.
And since that's deaf there is no chance of him having heard your little potelés potelés salir your ceiling.
I'm a Culinaire: how can you warm up your rest of Putin?
A bit of fresh cheese added on a poutine before warm up in the oven (or mini oven, it's faster).
It's butter for butter.
It may be an idea.
Frankly, it's not the easiest thing to heat up without great loss of quality, but at least the mini oven is much better than the microphone (yark).
/ r / worldnews is not bad to know what is happening in the world.
Then it's private money, so I don't care (but not so much, I have an Atiditium, bought after their foolish results).
Edit: oh shit, you don't answer to the comm I thought.
The ratio I quote is debt / ebitda, the SNCF is 11, compared to 3.5 for Deutsche Bahn.
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> in <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> real <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> I <unk> <unk> <unk> is <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
I sell it where for parts (it's my first break so as much as I know a little more)?
On the other hand, we don't realize that it means... $30 000 / GB!
Shit news = crushed dogs.
The 1 better: always the same heroes, but everyone has 3 specializations (most of the SPS time CAC, DPS and tk), each specialization is characterized by active skills (a dash dash station, an area station with a specific distance...) and passive capacity (attack increased when you hit 3 enemies at the same time, full of constant pv on the duration, reduction of degates...).
Also, you release talents (specific to each specialization) all five levels around.
Maps are very beautiful, the addition of chaos troops to the binary renews the game!
TLPL: we know nothing, I read for nothing: (
[Middle Interesse] French Translation of Quality for PUBG on Android
Tenhundred is not publisher No 1 in China?
If I take the extreme example of the Southern, there are so many trains delayed and canceled that it became a subject of common joke in London.
The Tories are against yes but not necessarily all their voting because of the percentage that wants the re-nationalization.
So personally I have a Reddi Note 3 Pro under Nitrogen OS (Android 8.0).
For the Reddi last year (Redmi Note 4 etc.)
You already have a big community with the usual Roma (LinageOS, Remicx, etc.), now for the generation of this year, it will have to wait a little.
Otherwise, as for most manufacturers, you will have to unlock the bootloader of your phone, then install a Roma person before being able to install an alternative Roma.
Iiiish, the title of this article.
When you put his quote in context, there's really nothing to do with it: "I never hesitate to express myself both in French, or in the language of the host country, or also English when it is on international scenes or in front of business circles, because I think That it reinforces the French-speaking.
It's very click-beast as the title.
Feminitto-reac methods, mode of employment
Daniel Schneiderman is in front of his screen.
He is preparing to watch a courteous show, excellent and intelligent produced by his new favorite media.
When suddenly, one of the invited people allows themselves to issue a headline hypothesis.
Wait, muddled, shocked that it happens on a leftist media, Daniel Schnidderman enquebles his social justice suit.
He devotes an editorial.
Who is this woman who dares to talk about women's bodies, March 8, in the context of a show that could not avoid the Hashtag hashtag (not Balance your Porc, I let you know why, you have 2 hours)?
Who is this perfidious who suddenly departs from the usual cliches?
Would it be a sent from the Maaaaal?
Super-Schneiderman investigation into for us!
And yes, poor leftist leftists who only wanted to confirm your bias: one person hides behind Marianne Durano.
Who? Eugenius Yeu. Yes, Eugenigenie, you read well.
Maaaaal in person infiltrated our happy Happy.
How? Marannine Durano and Eugenieu are working for the same journal.
They are therefore only one and the same person, one and the same idea, no autonomy of thought is possible.
On March 8, a woman hides another woman.
She doesn't hide either Paul Piccartta the editor of the editor, neither Pierre Chase, the director of the publishing, nor Gaux Bès, the deputy director, nor Fricice Hadjadj nor any of the other members.
She doesn't replace Foucald, the theories of which she takes up.
No, she replaces eyebrows on Eugenius Basteau because she has the merit of being unknown to the battalion.
Few would never have been invited, she is not on the left, but we're sure she would have said exactly the same guy.
In a desire to objectivity to journalistic objectivity, with an undeniable taste for the contradictory debate, Daniel Schnderman does justice to women by wiping out his camouflaged things.
Thank you Daniel Schniderman for this great advance in this day of 8 March.
Thanks for this constant fight for freedom of expression and of plurality in the media.
On the white background? That's the one I have!
I had had it by chance, being Thursday Thursday, I wanted to read the call from Cthuread.
My parents bring me into a bookshop and they ask me who I want.
Personally, I'm a little beloved and not very vivid, I say "ben in bouquin" (under heard a book).
The bookshop comes out of the tome 1 of the Bouquin collection.
I was part of a new life, I was part of a new Lovecraft.
(We bought tomatoes 2 and 3 a little later).
That's here...
I had to go to see what it was for the Touch Bar.
I'm more up to date: (
And I didn't see the rise in prices either.
Bhude de shit. Fuck, I'll limit myself to replacing my computer, Witf.
I'm the beautiful family in general, I'm saying them shit, in principle it's cooking with everything...
* Passage with improvist: I close the door.
* I'm invited: no thanks!
* They are invited without my agreement: I'm a beer in front of the PC.
* It's noël / pamel / patecote / tsaint: Piick One, I'm not cake!
