UKIP who refuse those who live with HIV are a perfect example .
You talk about when Nigel Farage says that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the United Kingdom to do health tourism , and when , with that in mind , it answers yes when the interviewer asks him specifically if people living with HIV are included in the unwanted .
First of all you use specious arguments , then you discredit them with a barely veiled homophobia .
Every time I or my family need the NHS , we have to queue behind intolerance to the chronic hypocondrie who thinks that all of them are owed to them .
I think it &apos;s you who use specious arguments .
Health tourism , as defined by the right-wingers , almost doesn &apos;t exist .
I think that is what we call democracy .
So no one would be affected by UKIP measures against health tourism , so there is no problem .
Only in the parallel universe of UKIP can Carswell appear as a revolutionary .
A citation from a torchon is not proof .
Yes , let &apos;s shoot the messenger .
The Mail didn &apos;t write the report , but only comment on it .
Those who control the majority of the media in this country should be shot for spreading such populist propaganda as if it were reality .
I don &apos;t think you know what a specious argument is .
You don &apos;t know anything either from my personal situation or from my identity , so you should be careful when you try to kill the debate with accusations of homophobia .
Farage sentence has surprised a lot , but only because we &apos;re so rarely talking about this problem .
He made absolutely no homophobic comment .
You will have to succeed in putting it back to you .
I &apos;m not sure where you want to come from , but I imagine you don &apos;t like when the media talk about what you don &apos;t like .
We talk about it so rarely because unlike Farage and his disciples . Thatcher who thinks that AIDS and flood are a sign of God and not a reflection on their own inability to understand that the complexities of humanity are something good , no .
Finally , the situation is as rotten in Ireland as it is in Spain .
With the new crisis that arrives the period of austerity .
Striking almost 5 % of growth in 2015 is a big joke .
Ireland is the EURTHE TIY The EUREPER . We &apos;ve been boasting about it , there are a few landslides .
We knew the sequence !
It starts again having read the article .
We are trying to make people believe that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a NO UVE MIRACE ECOOMIQE is happening .
With the Brussels agreement , impots on the lowest socies in Europe , a flexible working march , which continues .
With these ingrades , I don &apos;t know what to poppy &quot; for the moment &quot; with the arrival of the Polish people .
In the 1980s of the 20th siecle , it was ironic that one of the poorest countries of the union of Europe , with Portuguese , in considering a constant perimeter , without the infants , the situation is always better than it was .
The Green was in front .
That their development is not a long quiet river , it is on the basis of recent disappointments .
Total impots the lowest in Europe ?
It &apos;s false !
Latvia has an impot rate of 0 % on companies .
Now there is a hypocrisy in France on the part of policies on the impots who have been paid again by the multinationals .
If you believe a report that came out in 2008 or 2009 , they pay less than 5 % in France .
Only SMEs pay a lot .
Now I confirm that the road traffic has become bogged down again , and there are new cars ( and shit ) every corner of the street , exactly as before the 2008 crisis .
I live in Dublin for 14 years , the recovery is obvious in daily shops since the entrance .
Is it supposed to be economic news ?
Don &apos;t worry , I &apos;m sure the comments will soon inflame .
In another article they are in writing , 2 Vauxhal Astra is involved in a cup on the A140 .
Does Ryanair now intend to transfer passengers from one flight to another in this way ?
I think that O &apos;Leary will soon buy a whole new aircraft fleet , so a few boxes and radiation on the old ones will soon be forgotten .
That said , I &apos;m voting with him next week , so I hope that it will not be on one of these people once they have managed to do so .
So it would be entirely from the fault of the other pilot .
Did Ryanair pay for passengers for the additional fear that we wanted to give them ?
But without this kind of Irish company , you could not allow you to go on vacation , young man
I never took Ryanair and the last 3 times I took the plane with BA .
I prefer when the airline offers a quality service .
No , but it &apos;s Ryanair , so they can give their joy .
Any article on Ryanair triggered dozens of comments from people who would never preach Ryanair for those who like to take Ryanair and think that those who pay other than the basic price have only to blame themselves , etc .
It &apos;s pretty transparent .
Ryanair will not be happy with the additional costs due to this incident .
I wonder what the delays will be and if you will have to compensate passengers and , if that &apos;s the case , if Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was a mistake of the air traffic controllers in the airport .
Passengers were placed in another plane in less than an hour , they have no right to compensation .
Sorry to disappoint you and your dreams of compensation .
Welcome to this British Airways flight that takes the English English ISIS , not true , as you say .
Good trip
Last Sunday in Paris , street of the Frankssourois : the Marais is largely pedestrian and literally group .
People don &apos;t come en masse for the quality of restaurants ( for the most part ) nor for the Salon in the journal at the Space of Blancs-Manteaux ( hyper-intellectual and slightly dusty ) .
The reason for this crowd is that the stores are all open and the neighborhood is unbelievably alive and alive .
With many foreigners who spend ....
Do you think that the opening of Sunday will create jobs ?
Go to Paris Rue des Francs Bourgeois where the shops are open the Sunday , bursting world with 50 % of tourists .
@ aloes Faux !
The only argument that seems to me to be admissible is that of zones receiving a large number of foreign tourists and nuanced by the fact that they buy tax .
The tourist zones lose a considerable amount of turnover every year for the same reasons .
There remains the industry where expensive equipment , exploited on the Sunday , makes it possible to lower prices .
Dedical rest is a right that benefits , except for exceptions , the employees .
That is why it is planned and regulated by the labor code .
Neither the minister responsible for the economy , nor , moreover , the one responsible for foreign affairs , have any powers to reform the labor code .
So they &apos;re close .
The law serves what ?
To satisfy a portion of the population and companies that want to work on the Sunday .
In Montreal on Sunday , I take my small children to the municipal library .
In my Ville of 30,000 inhabitants where I live in France the Biblio municipal is open 4 days a week but not the we !
That &apos;s what access to culture is ...
And it &apos;s also the regulation of working hours .
The way of life he defended with tenacity against fascism
the way of life he defended tenaciously against fascism and Bolshvism
And if his daughter &apos;s sequel was , against his will , use to pay the inheritance fees ?
There are paints .
Some are good , other not terrible .
Maybe his succession would like his part of the cake , if you pass me the expression .
His preference for a victory of nationalists / Franco in the Spanish civil war ...
And her enmity with the independence of places like Ireland and India and his fascist ideas as a whole and also add his well-known hatred of Jews .
Churchill was not perfect .
I don &apos;t care either .
But for 5 years , and only for five years , it was perfect .
In 1940 he kept his government in mind who wanted to discuss a &quot; agreement &quot; with the Nazis and he very skilfully won .
Thanks to his magnificent rhetoric and his energy , he united the country in the idea that fighting Fascists was the only way to win .
The inhabitants of the United Kingdom , and of France , and Belgium and , in the end , the entire world , can thank God for having had during these five years , just these five years , Churchill at the bar and no other .
Churchill &apos;s greatness has nothing to do with this discussion .
That his descendants sell paints on the free market to get money from inheritance costs , they could even make a profit .
If the public wants to be able to admire one in a museum , let them get the money to buy it .
It &apos;s as simple as that .
But we could use taxes .
No one can deny that when it was &quot; the moment of truth &quot; , Churchill personality was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War .
A revival of the internal market through public works will only help big companies , which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring , since infrastructure sites are by definition not renewable .
As for the social reforms recommended by the Minister , they really reflect the real evil .
Return to princeus values .
Unemployment reform is not a contradiction .
That the smallest of us is not in need !
Either solidarity we help , either , he has DRO in exchange for the services he renders or has made to a minimum of resources .
The SM40H that I prefer with smic corresponds to this vision .
There is also the boss who lives on the income of his properties .
We need to differentiate the one who invests for a return at the time of his retirement and the one who lives with his rents .
A good to rent even two for a couple above , it &apos;s viral
The little genius of Finn is singularly lacking in imagination .
The new deal was a policy of major works , but at a time of major infrastructure .
Today , in Europe and France , it &apos;s not the case .
The developed countries are sucked .
The need for infrastructure is marginal so in no way could a new deal be a solution .
Especially at a time when the question of degrowth is emerging in response to a recession that is only wild growth , so it &apos;s so brutal .
You would have been right 30 years ago : more need ( or possibilities ) of dams , coal mines , highways ...
But if we want to make the future climato-energy shock less ruined , then the need for investments is obvious : insulation , renovation of the rail network , urban transport , transportation and storage of energy etc ...
A tax that favors high income and whole rings .
Who is in power ?
Obsessed by the smartphones .
Charles Arthur is really a galopin .
The benefits of Samsung are damaged by the iPhone 6 and its competitors on the same range .
The mid-September introduction by Apple screener control for iPhone 6 and 6 more has perhaps seduced for buyers who otherwise would have bought a Galaxy
I tried all these phones and decided for LG G3 .
So Samsung lost me as a client , but not for Apple .
I think it &apos;s essential for us to have an alternative .
When Microsoft put in place this philosophy , we experienced a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google , Apple and the source community .
We need to have several dynamic platforms to stimulate competition and development .
In addition , we all have different needs and they cannot be satisfied by a single manufacturer , because they are not compatible .
For me , I tend to buy Apple , because I like their underlying philosophy and I appreciate the design .
Some people do not attach any value to design , for them the options , functionality and price prizes .
There &apos;s nothing wrong with that .
Let &apos;s stop looking for &quot; a better platform &quot; .
Are there &quot; a better car manufacturer &quot; , not really , they are different but similar .
I would like to see a thriving portable industry , with radically different approaches for different people and markets .
It &apos;s safer and must be encouraged .
This is in all our interests .
I &apos;m happy that you found exactly what you were looking for and that it &apos;s not Apple &apos;s product , even if I made a different choice .
Most of the people I know have iPhones .
Our Ukrainian friends who , according to one of them , fight the ideas and not men ( on the contrary , well on Paris bobos ) could tell us what ( the ) is author if they fight ideas on the gender and tell us what works they intend to fight against .
Or do they attack them just like the kind described in Le Figaro , Minute or Valers ?
Their sources are Judiith Butler or Eric Zemmour ?
Well , Jean , I love you well , and you are an intelligent and cultured someone .
I said that on Judicith in the Furusto vein evoking Holopherine , rapprochement that was not coming to me ( I don &apos;t have his vivacity of mind ) .
Otherwise , in the &quot; bottom &quot; , since you refer to it , this subject doesn &apos;t interest me , and sincerely I don &apos;t see where the problem is : I was hoping that you and your friends could get me out of my arrears , because I &apos;m slow but I understand ...
@ Jean : Do you recognize that , culturally , I refer Judiith to Holophéine , it does it .
Who is scared about asking Monde ?
But what are we afraid of those who are scared ?
Furasto and @ us give answers .
The first one invokes the Judiith of the Bible , the second named Judiith Butler for a very symbolic glorification of gorge .
We can see how intimate these studies touch at home .
We are obviously no longer in the idea debate .
That &apos;s something else , much deeper .
@ Have you read , Jean , that Le Monde published an article about the need for theology ?
@ : As far as an idea debate is concerned , I thought that we needed to go to the sources .
To pretend to fight ideas from the only exposé that their detractors ( Cardinal Ratzinger , inventor of the Theory of Genre or X Lacroix , theologian ) does not seem very rigorous .
But I &apos;m good , as I explained to our friend , Upphist &apos;s friend , it &apos;s all the difference between having an enlightened opinion and a simple opinion .
I &apos;m not on the other hand that it &apos;s understood the nuance .
I didn &apos;t read Judicith , the very symbolic gorge of gorge , I satisfied myself with the &quot; second sex &quot; ( it was more of my time ) that I think is the source of &quot; the source &quot; according to Lo &apos;s wishes .
While I watched the eclipse since Melbourne , I saw red lights when the moon was briefly shown when the clouds were opened .
This sudden , red moon had its charm and compensated for the disappointment of sometimes having the view blocked by the clouds .
It was crazy here at FNQ .
Yes , last night &apos;s cloud would really serve the Victoria and NSW coast , while the majority of the rest of Australia had a clear time .
Special Flash lone of blood .
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey makes Labor responsible .
But if Labor accepts our unjust budget , we will make her real color as soon as possible .
You &apos;re obsessed with it , no ?
I was in Melbourne then naturally I saw only clouds .
Melbourne has also managed to cover himself during the entire week of the rain of the Perseides Perseiles and for almost all the astronomical major phenomena of recent years .
I &apos;m starting to think that there is a bad genius whose sole goal is to prevent people of Melbourne from seeing anything from the sky .
Melbourne is really not the best place for an Observatory , even if things improve greatly on the other side of the Cordilère .
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes where I could not see the eclipse because of the clouds above the suburbs of Melbourne .
I &apos;m going to put a TAXE on this eclipse .
QUICONQF looks at this eclipse should pay a TAXE .
I bet that your first thought of the day is for Abbott , just like the last before going to bed .
Who , or what will you get when he ends up ( necessarily ) disappear ?
It seems that you spend a lot of time reading the discussions by looking for messages in which people criticize the Abbott government and then accuse them of being obsessed with .
Subsidium photo of the moon above the Bidge Bridge Bridge .
It looks like Mars is going to collide with the Earth !
Nothing about stock and property speculation .
Nothing about the inequalities between income from work and capital .
Nothing about tax evasion .
ultra liberalism is killing Europe .
Nothing about the gardens of Babylon ...
The article says too much or not enough .
The detail and the arguments of these recommendations are not given .
No hypertext link to the original documents so that we can make an opinion .
Go to see today on Tuesday 15 October the results of the miracles : in Spain , exports are at the lowest possible level for five years .
In Greece , the stock market collapses .
But these are the examples to follow .
The reform of notaries would create a demand for compensation in the order of EUR 8 billion .
The Ministry of the Economy tells us that these claims for compensation are unfounded .
What about in the event of a mistake by the Ministry of the Economy ?
Having gained the political benefit resulting from the courageous attack of the notaries , will they have the same courage when submitting the bill to the state budget ?
The continuation in his time .
Ok , thank you , JYL ....
@ lol No the state is not comparable to households as far as management of its budget is concerned because the time frame of the state is theoretically infinite while that of the housewife is limited to the lifetime of its members .
Also , unless public spending is considered unproductive , they contribute to funding material and immaterial investments that are the same for tomorrow &apos;s growth and therefore for future recipes .
A few answers .
It &apos;s a regrettable decision .
But remember the sacred Hippotent oath : the health of the profits of the global pharmaceutical companies must be maintained above all .
Jolie theory of the conspiracy .
Unfortunately , the truth does not correspond to your fantasy .
Medical staff would like to use it , but they have the hands linked by law as written by politicians .
It &apos;s the same situation as for the product that causes medical abortions rather than having risky surgery interventions , safe hoot rooms for drug addicts rather than having them in the streets , etc .
On these issues politicians want to please the accused masses .
Actually , doctors don &apos;t earn money with medication .
That &apos;s why there are pharmacists .
Doctors don &apos;t earn money from medications given that the Liberals want our health system to look like that of the United States , you should find out how it works .
Doctors everywhere are courted in the same way , but it &apos;s more or less visible .
It was perhaps wrong to put the blame on the bbibikes , but the reality is that many countries , including Australia , give priority to company profits and to &quot; research &quot; .
Read the few rare reports on our expenses of Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and on the negotiations with the pharmaceutical companies compared to other countries .
Comparing the world &apos;s prices for medicines everywhere , as well as the differences between countries on what is on sale freely or only on prescription .
It &apos;s stronger it &apos;s a political and economic process , not a medical or scientific process , direct or indirect .
In fact some companies are currently carrying out tests on marijuana inhalation against oncological pain , despite laws that hold them back and the expensive permits necessary .
Although the manufacturers of certain medicines may not be happy that we use alternatives like marijuana , those who reach a version offering good quality products to known doses will largely benefit .
Sorry to tell you this , but you &apos;re wrong , there &apos;s a lot of things going on behind the scenes for doctors and pharmacies .
As for this hospital , they were happy to use it until someone put the chip on the ear of a hospital officer .
We can &apos;t have DETENIR patents on the grass ...
If &quot; researchers &quot; in social sciences were to research instead of politics and networking , we could be using their &quot; work &quot; .
A researcher investigation , he doesn &apos;t compare something to another .
Comparing it is not looking for .
Comparing is to do the teaching not of research .
We can &apos;t say &quot; research is successful you have to apply it &quot; and then in the same jet &quot; You have to experiment with everything &quot; .
If your research is successful why experimentation ?
If your research is not successful why ask you to apply them ?
Can we explain to myself how a &quot; researcher &quot; can deduce that a pupil who cannot equate mathematics alone could make mathematics and other materials easier ?
New technologies allow to learn from the condition that students learn to use new technologies but how will they learn the new technologies if they don &apos;t know how to learn ?
The Prisa tests are only an indicator that allows us to find indicators that are satisfactory to us .
What is the point of building an indicator that informs you about what suits you , a desire for self-promotion , a deception ?
A single avenue to train teachers : to remove the Sophists and ideologues and for practitioners to teach practitioners .
Take read the paragraph on internships ( which unfortunately isn &apos;t very argued ) and you will see that your conclusion leads us to the most inefficient conservatism : &quot; It &apos;s a device that leads above all to the reproduction of current practices , and that doesn &apos;t allow the system to progress &quot; .
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system we can &apos;t want only practitioners to teach the practitioners , even if they have their full place in a modern teacher training .
Education theorists must have no place .
Practitioners must have one .
Would you want to be operated by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical , and who never put foot in a company operating before ?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems of the educational system .
Giving education theorists more weight would be destroy it definitively .
Your analogy is completely crazy : if I would not like to be operated by a practitioner who has only a theoretical training , I would still like less to get operated by a surgeon who has no theoretical training and who learned on the job .
Mike Weaathley , the conservative deputy responsible for fighting copyright violations by David Cameron
Why does he not simply say to Cameron to stop ?
Somebody should make popular arrest .
Thanks to MDRs , thanks .
If one day I feel guilty to violate copyright , I will have to read an article like this one .
In an information economy , the violation of copyright = theft .
It &apos;s the same thing because they have to quote their sources correctly .
often , getting a license does not cost anything .
No , it &apos;s a violation of copyright .
Not the same thing .
By using the content without having the right license , you take away the artists from their bread .
You can always debate educational hypotheses - but it &apos;s theft .
And you can repeat it as much as you like , it will not become true .
It &apos;s a violation of copyright .
Come on , repeat it again .
If one day I feel guilty to violate copyright
Obviously that doesn &apos;t bother you to deprive artists of their income .
If they think they should receive money for images used in school , a almost perfect definition of what a reasonable use should be , so I &apos;m happy to deprive them of this shadow income .
The lesson no 1 should be to show how , if children themselves create anything and publish it on their favorite social networks , they give up all intellectual property at the site under the general conditions they passed from a click .
Maybe if they share the headphones on their bullshit pum3 with a copier on the school bus , they should be expelled for breaking the law in such a way .
Ah , if we could export this resource that we are full of , the girl who says that everything goes badly ....
If it &apos;s a PS deputy who says it , then we have to believe it .
I have 2 children and when they &apos;re at the age of choosing , I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed by then .
France shoots people down by constantly assistant .
I don &apos;t want my children to bear the debt that this policy will have created .
What shoots France down is the speeches like yours .
@ gus I have always worked in private companies .
I had CHANCE for having worked in companies run by excellent companies : it exists in France but it &apos;s rare .
I &apos;m a salary because I know I don &apos;t have the skills to lead a company and this choice allows me to shoot at the naked bosses that I meet frequently .
At ease in my baskettes I totally share Jean-Pierre Bernajzan &apos;s post : he says the horrible truth !
@ gus , if we compare with German companies that French entrepreneurs constantly mention to ask for reforms in France , in Germany companies have been able to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive , especially by assuring the link between large companies and medium and small ones - what are the French bosses waiting for to do the same ? ?
Let the state hold their hands ?
This state that they accuse of imperialism ?
@ Jacques L.
Still this anti-business couple on your part !
Remember , what did you create as employment , as an added value , to be so severe ?
@ Pate I understand your reaction .
In reality , France faces an insoluble problem : the incompetence of French entrepreneurs who are unable to create jobs and who move and work while waiting for the permanent state assistant !
It &apos;s terrible !
But they have solutions : suppression of the Labor Code , employers &apos; charges , taxes , work 45h / week paid 35 , and some , walking on eggs , dare to call for salaries to be reduced otherwise their removal !
I look forward to seeing all the &quot; negative &quot; comments on this subject .
This is ironic given the way people always complain about the First Group .
From what I see from where I &apos;m , Last has not really been an investment for us taxpayers .
They tried to stay afloat rather than transform .
It doesn &apos;t mean that the Scottish railway has not improved since Last takes care .
But they also improved with their predecessors , including British Rail .
Unfortunately , we don &apos;t have the power to do that , unfortunately .
I tried to have them recently , but I didn &apos;t succeed .
But good , Labor will annoy us , isn &apos;t it ...
It &apos;s an international subsidiary .
They already operate trains in Germany .
Nothing prevents people in the United Kingdom from creating a more moral company and taking part in invitations to tender .
But it seems that we are not very good in management , most of our privatized services end up being managed by a foreign operator .
I still remember the scandal and the criticism when First won the Virgin contract , all for the decision finally to be cancelled .
And there &apos;s better : MTR , a Hong Kong company won the operating contract of Crosrail for 8 years .
Well , Labour , as they told us during the referendum campaign , is totally for pooling and sharing and thinks that workers must all help each other across borders .
We can therefore assume that they will be happy with this decision ; )
Maybe it &apos;s because the management of the Dutch is on the right track while the British are not .
What Scotail needs is not just a change of owner but especially new ideas .
Abellio is perhaps the least bad choice possible , but the real problem is the ridiculous franchise system , not the franchiser .
&quot; It was a beating girl &quot; .
Sorry , I hate , but really I hate this kind of expression .
Assuming that being &quot; beaten &quot; is higher than many others , the concern of others , the intelligence , the listen , for example , the fact of being &quot; beating &quot; has nothing to do with the one to survive a disease : &quot; beaten cancers , which are no less dead , I know of palanes .
Storting a disease has nothing to do with merit .
Come on again as well .
I &apos;m not telling you that it &apos;s LA condition to manage , I tell you that AFDI ..
Nothing to see with any merit ... !
When the examples of your life , there are only you to judge them .
I &apos;ll start again .
Insing , if only for a moment , that we can have merit to get out of a disease or that we can deserve not out of it , is simply monstrous .
The body follows or does not follow .
A body that relays , from everywhere , despite the will , despite the confidence in medicine , have a vague idea of what C ?
Navé to think otherwise , if , having a solid morale allows it to be easier to accept heavy treatment and prepare for it , to try experimental treatments like this woman did and not to refuse them for fear ..
Someone who is fighting in medicine is first and foremost someone who trusts in medicine ..
But if we prefer to rely on &quot; lord &quot; it &apos;s something else ..
Neither with the deserve or with the courage .
These considerations are clean for moralists .
When you catch a salt , a real , you get out to the point of becoming only a zombie .
Personally , I caught two , balls , big ones , and if I &apos;ve &quot; beaten &quot; as these psychologists say , it completely escaped me .
Unless this fight is only to shake teeth , to suffer hell and to burn down .
I thought the accusation against him was decided and finalized about 10 years ago .
I didn &apos;t see this name in the newspapers since at least this time .
What is happening ?
It &apos;s an anniversary .
A forgotten birthday .
His trial was conducted &quot; quickly &quot; and then swept under the carpet .
Is it the story we told at the time ?
The communist communist who triggered three wars in the Balkans during the last decade ?
The communist president of the Socialist Federative Republic of Yugoslavia ?
Please , ask what we deliberately leave aside : 1 .
How could NATO bombing be legal under international law MOINDRR rule under international law ?
Which country did Serbia attack ?
On the RTS ( Radio-Television-Serbia ) , why do you not mention that NATO destroyed this same building by killing civilians , then considered it a valid target .
Milosevic had no way out : if he did not defend his country against NATO attacks , it would be crucified like a traitor .
And if he defended him , he would be swayed by the western steamroller .
Westerners used a smokescreen to detach a part of a sovereign state that then unilaterally proclaimed independence and was almost recognised by the western states who then lied to the end of the situation on the ground .
The Serb population has now completely disappeared ( ethnic cleansing ) .
Vojislav Kostunica , who is mentioned here , is dead politically after his first term for not knowing how to understand the situation that had developed .
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the political world at the time .
At the end of the day , Guardan should not call Milosevic tyrant ( even if we don &apos;t like it ) .
To my knowledge , only in Greece is a method of predicting earthquakes that works almost , by weighing up the pedestrian level in the quartz .
This kind of studies is definitely useful and thank you for making us share the results .
Hope , therefore , but caution has nothing to do with that of the exoplante named HAT-P11b , located at about 124 light years from the Earth in the constellation Cygnus that would be &quot; the smallest and the cold planet to present detectable water molecules &quot; , according to a study carried out by the Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine team of the University of Maryland ..
So Methode to follow .
Like those that involve animals sensing a threat .
Thanks to science as a scientist to give us , often , these experimental prowess that are carried out in the world .
How would animals save ( advance ) ?
Without doubt , the perception of other elements whose rate is changing in the event of a seism .
Like the radon for example .
A priori inodore gas for the man but maybe the animals can be found .
All these methods are inseparable for man , but not for the measure of measurement at his disposal .
But we don &apos;t have reliable results on these paths ...
It has been observed many times ( and for centuries ) that certain animals act in a strange way a few hours with an earthquake , especially the hens , cows , dogs , but especially fish and snakes .
I saw a report on the map telling the fight of two scientific teams , a Californian , the other Japanese , to make the validity of their work known about the sensitivity of animals to terrestrial magnetic fields , and especially their change before a seism .
Well then , I &apos;m not a scientist but their hypotheses had convinced me !
Or are we looking at this research ?
Why disdain this path ?
We should learn to listen to nature ...
If we look at things calmly and strictly , we publish it in a serious review , and nobody misses it .
As soon as we talk about the &quot; signs &quot; of animals , we &apos;re coming up against the same bias : everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the red fish was weird in circles .
I don &apos;t understand that we can think that Boris would be a good leader for the Conservatives .
He did too much as mayor of London .
When you listen to the LBC program , we can &apos;t help thinking that this man knows nothing about it and that he always tries to dig into a joke with a joke .
It never responds directly to anything .
He also said he agreed with Farage , then Nick Ferrari the presenter asked him what .
He could not name a single point .
He made so many promises to get elected as mayor and he didn &apos;t hold a single one .
It only serves to point out how much the rest of the Conservative Party is a bunch of shit , no ?
Because he &apos;s popular .
Because it &apos;s funny .
He was in &quot; Hve I Got News . You &quot; .
Because it &apos;s a celebrity and people have accused people of the love of celebrities .
The Londoners voted for him and the same will be true of the rest of the country .
When ( and not if ) he takes the party &apos;s leadership , the popularity ratings of the Tories will give up the ceiling I am sure .
May God help us .
I &apos;m not so sure : people like jokes , but don &apos;t want their first minister to be one of them .
That &apos;s exactly what we said about Londoners .
He should have brought with him his friend the parpaing , smarter than him .
In many ways , I think he &apos;s trying to copy R Branson .
The Americans have had one of them .
The French really and always disinterested from the history of the Pacific war .
For all those who took the trouble to read some books ( he exists , including a French and excellent of B.
Millot ) , the &quot; Solomon &quot; and the &quot; shit strait &quot; speak , unfortunately as well as the deaths who stayed there .
We understand that the Australia , who knows ( one of their heavy crusers , the Australia , must always be there by the bottom since the battle of Savo ) doesn &apos;t want to go back .
We actually went to the ile de Savo , in the &quot; Iron Bottom Soud &quot; .
Even if the mission is coming to an end .
It &apos;s good the small .
But the coté coolo is a total smoker .
Calculate the kerozene to reach the objective credibility totally discredits the concept ..
You only need to go through the list of sponsors only of philanthropists .
A com operation neither does nor has done .
The cow gives too much envy ! ! !
I look forward to the webseries !
Your cliché makes me take over a bit in passing ( I also learned to sail with the Crocos of L Elorn at the Mouin Blanc Race in Best ! ) .
Happwater also for the ecological message , even if some criticize the impact of investment .
The end justify the means .
Keep to get over and show that the Bretons are big travelers !
Pierre , Triniad and Tobago .
Good evening I think that the red boy who demonstrated against taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the Brittany region and the Ville de Brrest .
More seriously , it seems to me that local authorities and public bodies of any kind should not spend a penny on our taxes to finance the dreams of a few even as nice adventurers - there !
Are there players in the current Serb training that is of a Kosovar origin ?
I know that Dusan Bjoy in Lyon and Milos Krasic , once at Juventus and now in Fenerbhçe , are Mitrovica , but I don &apos;t know if they are still in the team .
It &apos;s Bisevac &apos;s defender of Lyon , not Bajevic .
Bajevic was middle ground or before in the 70s and 80s and resulted in many teams in Greece , but I don &apos;t know where he is .
Bajovic is from Mostar , in Bosnia-Herzegovina , and played as an attack on the great team of Velz who , under the tutelage of the legendary Suleman Rebac , ended twice in the second place in the Yugoslav League ( and also counted points like Vahid Hallhodziic and loyal Arsène Wenger , Boro Primorac ) .
Well , thank you Mole !
Of course I know Halilhodziic and Primorac .
Just out of curiosity , what happened to Krasic ?
It was said that he was going to become a big player when he was at the Juve , he is currently in Turkey , but the last time he appeared on my radar screen he was linked to Blackburn * chilling *
Here , I can &apos;t help you .
I know he lost his place when Conte arrived , then he went to the Funer and as much as I know he &apos;s not a holder .
Maybe he can still do something , maybe in the Indian Super League ?
Seriously , Serbia .
Seriously , Albania is not scared .
You should love Albania because you are neighbors .
The thing is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of the real Albania today .
Apparently it was the flag of Greater Albania , which encompasses all the regions where there is an important Albanian presence .
A bit of excessive nationalism , actually .
Luckily , there was not too much damage ( I know ) .
In fact , it was an Albanian flag with the map not of what we call the Greater Albania , but of the country before 1913 , when the major European powers decided to give their country &apos;s jobs to neighbouring countries .
How can you feel &quot; an explosion of joy &quot; by seeing two towers collapsing knowing that women , men and homeless children are inside ?
How ?
What bothers me a little in this &quot; testimony &quot; is that the fact of having been able , if only once , spontaneously to rejoice at the horrible death of thousands of people , testifies for me a personality &quot; Bline line &quot; whose &quot; testimonies &quot; should be taken with the greatest circumstance . Shit .
Without doubt , in the short time of &quot; joy &quot; , we won &apos;t think about the dead or the reality of the horror meted out .
We just thought , for a moment , that for once Muslims had managed to do really and apocalyptically bad for the big Satan in its very heart .
To be powerful .
Very grandiose .
It seems that this feeling was shared by thousands of Muslims who were surrounded by their feeling of humiliation .
With filmed testimonies in Palestine .
Schadenfreude Schadende .
We had a bit of doubt about it .
The &quot; Christian / white / gaulaws &quot; West cannot measure the degree of rubbish , anger , hate of the musuman . When he conforms to misery , the social and cultural underdevelopment of the Muslim Arab world of <unk> dtoday .
I &apos;m talking about the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers , not the towers of Dubi .
The past , certainly magnified , is not a consolation , on the contrary .
How to get the Muslim world out of this diabolical entourage ?
Totally in phase , 2 major poisons annoy the Arab world : bigote conservatism of the powers in place and fascist nihilism .
The common point , the freeze of thought and communication ( freshly or armed ) of his critical expression .
That we have understood it before , must not put Muslims back .
That &apos;s the only way .
Did Edwy Plenel read this article ?
I suppose it &apos;s true in many countries .
But in Britain , the fall marks the beginning of six long dark , wetlands , weird and depressing ones that affect the well-being and mood of many people .
Moreover , everyone falls ill .
Problems seasonality .
I &apos;m suffering from it myself .
When the lights go , it becomes the hell for me and those like me .
A Vitamin D dose should help a little for mood and well-being .
The autumn is beautiful in Great Britain , with or without rain .
The particular campaign is worth breathing in the autumn .
Not as much to cut the breath as the green of the summer when everything is alive instead of being on the point of dying .
In Britain , if you &apos;re lucky , the summer falls a weekend .
We had a nice summer this year , don &apos;t do your grinchy that equips clichés !
Not everyone .
I rarely come sick in winter .
But now I &apos;m retired and I don &apos;t develop more immunity for the germs of the outside , it can change , I suppose .
It &apos;s not to be on the point of dying , it &apos;s just a stage in a cycle ...
A marvellous step full of enigmatic smells , with a febrility that cultivates with festivities like Hallween , Guy Fawks , Christmas , the risks of ensoring and full of other wonderful words .
You only need to stop doing things !
Those are my recommendations for the festivities for you .
Yes , these dark and grey months actually make me much happier and more relaxed .
For the tax burden for children , it &apos;s the amount made by the state that comes mainly from decisions 8 to 10 .
But when it comes to the number of households having their taxes rising due to this measure , it &apos;s especially the 4 and 5 decisions that are affected ( medians income ) according to graph 2 .
The half-part suppression , especially in relation to widows , is not dealt with at all in the article or rather its impact is completely under evaluation : 230 M of euros is a joke that doesn &apos;t take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies it is indolere .
And it &apos;s not ready to help .
Well , we &apos;re not on the straw of course , but song .
For once the PS makes a rather left politics we &apos;ll not cry ...
It is obvious that those who are part of the 20 % of the richest have to bear much more than 75 % of the tax increase , why not 90 % ?
Let us continue in this way and you will encourage these 20 % to work less or to leave .
Well , I know , it &apos;s not politically correct , but I &apos;m saying it anyway .
Long live the Trots and the OCI recycled to the PS : they understood everything .
Adam , you can &apos;t see what you look at .
The proportion is still the same , here or in Bahrain : 20 % of the population owns 80 % of the wealth .
A fair tax is when he prohibits anyone from amassing as much as he can .
Beyond a certain limit the money loses all its usefulness .
And once the value of money is exceeded , money only serves money , it &apos;s ) to say to make the greatest number of people misfortune .
We are part of the 20 % richest .
There are probably also 20 % of households that work the most ( and create wealth , part of which is logically redistributed ) .
A fair tax must allow these households to enjoy part of their efforts .
Or else we should lower our arms and live in social minimums , especially if we have social housing .
The utopies of heads of the red kmer have fortunately lived .
I did two AirBnB in Norway recently .
No problem .
In one of the two , we had things that we would not have had in a 5 stars hotel and we did not have to present to the reception or face the slightest trace .
You only need to go home , go sleep , go behind you and leave .
From now on it will be my first option when I travel .
The logo has changed , people ...
Come on your insurance before commenting your house .
In most cases , you will need a kind of owner insurance .
Make sure that you use a service with the good logo !
Ah , 6 too late .
I love Airbnb .
&quot; It &apos;s very dangerous and highly risky &quot; No that is not true .
You just really missed luck .
According to the link provided in the article :
In its discharge , Airbnb &apos;s response to Teman was quick , almost absurdly fast .
In 24 hours , according to an e-mail provided to Gawker by Teman , Airbnb had sent a rurrier to change the snares , took provisions to spend a week at the hotel and transferred $ 23 817 ( for which Airbnb is assured , but Even so ) .
So why does this article quote Teman complaining that he received no support from Airbnb ?
I &apos;DORE AIRBNB , to receive like to travel .
Hello I &apos;m looking for people who have already used bnb just to reassure me .
I &apos;m considering paying a quick payment and a month &apos;s rent but I &apos;m a bit scared of sending £ 1 600 to a site that I have never really heard about .
But where do we go ?
&quot; Supporting the troops &quot; singing the Bu $ hate on all these tons ...
So harmless Armes .
I am sure it will please families and close to the thousands of Kurdish people who died at halabja to learn that their parents and friends died to anything other than the chemical bombardment of Sadin Sousin .
Unless the content of the article has been radically modified by the author , your comment is inaproperty ( to stay polite ) .
Also , how would this mass crime committed in 1988 prove that the chemical weapons discovered almost 20 years later were still usable ?
It &apos;s not clear the author &apos;s style : &quot; looking for weapons of mass destruction .
We agree .
You think that is the time to weaken the army to strengthen education .
This is never the time to strengthen education because we are still at war .
Alternative : It &apos;s TOUJOURS the time to strengthen education , because we are still at war ?
We would already strengthen education if we &quot; &quot; them &quot; were to work 35 hours hours instead of 17 .
At the moment our teachers are earning more than engineers .
And let us not believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week preparing their program .
But this doesn &apos;t see itself since National Education does not have the means to provide an office in the college / high school with its professors so they work at home .
A kind of forced teleworking , in short , unless the employer pays neither the computer , nor the internet connection or supplies .
By the way , it &apos;s so much the plank at 5 : a week and 4 months of vacation that we can &apos;t fill the CAPS de maths , come and wait for you .
How do you not want to cook you badly educated about whose parents crap you on top of it ?
I think that the priority in this area is to disarm jihadists so that the khurde population can develop better .
Where we see that the Bush administration has absolutely everything wrong .
My first qualified job was in the sale , in London , to earn three times nothing and it was still a position for which you needed a diploma .
One year later , I saw an announcement to be a worker for the London metro , it was paid £ 5 000 more per year and we did not even ask for the patent .
I never regret it .
On this subject , don &apos;t worry if you don &apos;t find a graduate job , don &apos;t try to find something either who pays good , or you like to do it .
If I had stayed to qualified jobs , I would still have to pay my student loan .
I don &apos;t like work in business so much , so I hope to end up in the civil service or in the university world .
LOL LOL LOL LOL is that article really late !
Exactly , when I got my diploma in 2011 , there was already a three-year-old backlog .
The best way to reduce the number of graduates without jobs ?
To get rid of the bisougur sectors like art / letters / theatre / media / political philosophy / science is to say what we call unemployed degrees .
I have one of these degrees and I ended up director of production .
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma but , as the article says , a good professional journey , starting in school and throughout the university .
Of course , the starting salary was lower but we quickly climbed the ladder because in the real world what counts is the results more than the knowledge .
This debate on engineers / artistic sectors has been going on for years .
Scientists cannot solve all the problems , it is more important to be able to get up the morning , get to work on time and interact with people so as to get results .
Letters , philosophy and art are bisou<unk> sectors ?
It &apos;s ridiculous .
I suppose you talk about educational degrees study of the media or whatever the abconse sector where you went .
Letters , philosophy , political science and art are real sectors .
We need people who can explain the big questions to high school , which understand the importance of culture bases like literature , art , etc . , and put them in value .
Would it not be better to have a real territorial policy to unload Paris and to dynamise the rest of France ?
Personally , I find it hard to see the inhabitants of the fingers of Essonne and the Val-d of Oise to do 80km allerkm every day to come to work in Paris .
Intra-mongers and small belts already have many common public means of transportation ( metro , bus , tram ) .
&gt; Several secure and closed parks , as already exists in the cities of northern Europe , in Dijon or Lyon , will be installed on the vee .
Good idea .
On the surface , space is cannibalized by 2RM .
Incidentally , we hope that the City of Paris works with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark .
That benefits from their big experience in the field .
Well , we did not find room for UN SUL device for a bike bike .
The motivation seems stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanne ...
Well , it &apos;s not right at all .
When we discuss with pedestrians and other public transport users why they don &apos;t pedal it , it seems to me that the main reasons that come out are : 1 / c is hyper dangerous with all these agnosles , these trucks , these scooters who work super fast and get out of it . the survival of bikes 2 / we get full of pollution in my head for me the bicycle paths are going to go , we need to reduce car traffic ( urban toll type type charge ) , reduce speed ( Paris = zone 30 ) , make the traffic code respect systematically ( even the vouchers Bymol says that you need to adapt the code of the road written for a 100 years ago to bikes ) , generalize buffer zones after the clouded passages , not before they &apos;re not even bastard and scooters .
The cycle paths are apartheid , you have to live together but rebalance the occupation of urban space .
Nothing on the bike in the great Paris ?
Not a word about the place of bike in public transport ?
EELV is right .
The goal of 15 % / velo deplacements is ridiculous .
I &apos;m starting to believe that Anne Hidalgo has ruined the green in the meal .
Besides , after what OR reports , the deputy members of the EELV seem skeptical .
I &apos;m pretending to be an optimist .
Before racketeering starts , it would be better to find who is really hiding behind this massacre .
Indigenous : it &apos;s not Russia .
Not sure to love the way the world evolves .
It seems horrible .
My children are not a financial asset .
A lawyer expressed his intention to bring the case to the ECHR , but I didn &apos;t hear that a complaint was actually lodged .
Also , they should file a complaint first in Germany or in Ukraine .
I also expect these cases to be rejected pending the result of the investigation report on the accident and the criminal investigation that would follow .
Yeah , but Libya did not blow up Pan Am , either .
Malaysia Airlines is not wrong , the fault lies with the air space security authority , in this case the Ukrainian government .
Was the accident predictable ?
Other aircraft had been killed before , Ukraine launched air attacks on the rebels and every plane could of course be seen as a possible and immediate threat .
Did the Ukrainian government take reasonable precautions in view of a clear threat or did he choose to play with the lives of innocent people so that the airlines would pay for overflight rights ?
Where are all the pro-Kiyev trolls that defend their usured government / ultra-nationalists in Western Ukraine - and who want to demonstrate in general that Putin shoots the flight MH17 .
As far as I know , there is already a complaint against the government of Kiv because they are responsible for what is happening in their sky .
The previous one : a 1986 judgment of the International Court of Justice that concluded that the supply of arms by the CIA to the rebel forces of the Contras in Nicaragua does not mean that the United States is responsible for their actions .
No chance Russia leaves this affair to the ICJ .
It &apos;s funny to think that Abbott means Putin that some Australia were killed by rebels supported by Russia .
I hope he can present evidence to support his claims .
So far , the investigators have not said anything like this .
Scall Ricdo and be such a gootian ecologist , it &apos;s sad !
To call Polaire is lost the north is rejoicing .
One single Béotian question : the poor of today is poorer than the poor of yesterday ?
I can &apos;t get tired of pointing out that those who criticize the most virulty of Piketty &apos;s book did not read it !
It &apos;s easy to read , I took a few days .
It shows the statistical evolution of resres-production , resression , unequal concentration , inequality of labor income , the property of capital , deserves and deserves in the term ..
It shows that today &apos;s concentration of today &apos;s capital joins in the beginning of the 20 ° before 1914 , it shows that it &apos;s the 2 world wars that lowered the concentration of capital , from 1914 to 1945 , then how concentration takes up after ...
Bernajzan : you &apos;re not dining what .
I ask you how long it took you to read this pavé knowing that an individual &apos;s concentration capacity has a few limits .
Then , the question is not whether it &apos;s easy to read .
The question is if the summary of the central thesis that the press has given is right or wrong .
If she is right , we can debate it without having read the book , the most important of which is to argue one-way in favor of it .
No , it &apos;s easy to read ...
Bernajzan : how long did you put to read it ?
Is the central thesis of his paved summed up by the press is false ?
I didn &apos;t read and will not read it .
So I &apos;m relying on the summary of his central thesis and it &apos;s this one that seems pure fun .
The notion of the gap between rich and poor is subsidiary .
Has humanity not generally enriched ?
And this added enriching to an increase in population is the real political question today .
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the price without any doubt .
But remember she only 17 years old .
An age that most people are just starting to find their place in the world .
I hope this price will not be a burden for the young girl and she will find her way to lead a happy life .
The problem is not the price but the political capital of the Western governments who want to prove the old adage that the perverts are the embodiment of evil .
All my best wishes in Malala , but she must realize that she is used and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the popular neighborhoods in Great Britain !
Somebody thought his speech was a bit strange .
She thanked her father for giving her a lot of freedom but mentioned that , if she was not where she is now , she would have been married at 14 .
Does Malala itself not form part of these &quot; colorful colourful &quot; ?
You should have no &quot; antenna time &quot; on this site .
You are , yourself , a horrible pernicious .
It &apos;s absolutely revolting .
No , his father was not going to marry her at 14 years .
She was 15 years old when you shot her .
His father leads a school where girls are school and he &apos;s in favor of equal rights for women .
He is , and has always been , so that she gets a higher education and that she has the right to decide for herself on her marriage .
But it &apos;s someone unusual in Pakistan , because he thinks that women are equal to men .
What she said is that an average Pakistani girl often has to marry at 14 , without having her word .
Sorry that she didn &apos;t write it eloquently for you .
It may seem contradictory , but maybe she says that if her father didn &apos;t give him freedom , she would have been married at 14 years .
Rather disappointed by this season 4 entry and especially by Jessica Lange , which obviously finds it hard to find his Ssoy character from Marlene Dietrich .
I just looked at the two modern seasons that are quite different but I have to admit that it &apos;s one of the best horror series , one of the most successful ones !
A first fascinating episode .
Areas are close to perfect and the Jessica Show Show sing the anachronistic Life on Mars from Boie is simply overturning .
I have not yet watched this new season ( which will be the last for me , without Lange bof ) .
In the case of American Horror Story , I preferred to have just to watch 13 episodes spread out of 3 to 4 months .
But one thing is on , outside of Jessica Large Extraordinary , it &apos;s mostly the risk of scenes and mountains that siding me .
We have in AHS an avalanche of original plans that makes a mockery of the sanitisation of today &apos;s productions .
It escapes me a little from you throwing it in advance for the next seasons without even waiting to be able to measure quality .
Jessica Lange is certainly a Pillar of this series but , you say it so well , there are many other things .
No , it &apos;s simply that for me Jessica Lange ( and especially his path and the way she uses it ) is really UN of the series of the series outside the technical skills .
And well , well , I look a lot for her .
Then I think that the series piles by writing , she wants to do too much at the same time .
The 3 was slightly below , in the 2 , it was too scattered despite some excellent episodes .
I don &apos;t see them doing 10 seasons of American Horror Story or it will end like 24 hours chronically .
But good everyone does what wants to do !
It &apos;s by what I say &quot; I &apos;m not going to watch later &quot; that everyone is forced to do the same !
I just share my point of view nothing more , nothing less .
The loss of Jessica Lange , JE thinks it will be fatal .
But then , that &apos;s just my opinion .
Let &apos;s talk less about tax increases , please - clet rather the state spending .
No , let &apos;s increase spending please .
Those who wanted to sabotage the expenses failed .
Dissenting polemics about relatively low spending , like development assistance
The problem is that it represents less than the margin of error in government spending in the United Kingdom .
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than the change of direction that voters seem to call for and during all this time some , in each camp , pretend that these nuances are much more important and substantive than they are - and the voters see their game and find them of it . bad faith .
Less than 1 % of expenses .
The &quot; debt &quot; is assets held mainly by financial institutions in that country .
The &quot; debt &quot; is nothing that should worry .
I would see no problem in the government approaching a third of my income ( before even talking about taxes on consumption ) if I thought he was going to make good use of it .
But it &apos;s not the case , and a lot of taxpayers have the same feeling .
It is said that Nigel Farage was not completely honest about how to reduce taxes but good , if you add our net contribution to the EU , development assistance , High Spained 2 , subsidies for windwind windmills . You should arrive at a figure that makes the Labor tax and Lib-Dem tax quite ridiculous on the most luxous homes .
Your first 10 000 £ are not taxable .
This means that someone who earns £ 35 000 per year will pay around £ 5 000 ( a seventh of their salary ) , someone with £ 50 000 would pay around £ 10 000 ( a fifth ) , etc . and someone with £ 200 000 pays about £ 70 000 ( just over a third ) .
And social contributions ?
The more social contributions , the more local taxes , the more the car parking fees and the car sticker , and it &apos;s before the VAT .
Almost exactly 30 % of my money is taken from the source before the local taxes and the car sticker .
I &apos;m paid in a decent way , but not in an extravagant way .
Not that it &apos;s a problem , of course , I &apos;m happy to pay my taxes .
But let &apos;s not pretend to believe that money falls from the sky , or that it &apos;s not important to know where billions of pounds of taxes go .
How can a unemployed person looking for work prove it ?
Even so , 20 % of the unemployed would not seek , it means that 80 % are looking for and don &apos;t find it .
Since I even unemployed , I &apos;m more interested than others are looking for or not ?
Whether a potential recruiter gets 10 or 20 CV , it bothers my chances .
Indeed , I didn &apos;t have any news from Pole Emploi for months , it means that the agents are more busy control operations than really getting announcements of employment back ?
I don &apos;t see the interest .
Because it &apos;s not for the state to provide work .
If Pole Emploi does not provide enough positions , then we have to do without Pole Emploi .
What is a sensitive subject ?
We all have rights and duties , in this case we can assure that the unemployed are fulfilling their duties well in return for their rights .
Just as a controller asks for their transportation title to users of a transport medium , a service boss or are employees of their work , etc .
Nobody shouts at scandal in these cases , no ?
It is indeed good to remember that the unemployed have rights : the only two times when I had to deal with Pole Emploi , my rights at the ARE had been poorly established , and on one of the files , amputated by 40 % , it had to be fought firm .
It takes time !
I &apos;m not an expert in law .
The file and control are taking hold at the moment , while stature Pole Emploi is close to being , actually , an insurance company .
I would add that the subject of compensation should only concern employees , they are the ones who pay the contitisations .
Policies and French non-employees give themselves rights that they don &apos;t actually have !
It &apos;s not normal .
I would add that worthy unemployment insurance participates in the enhancement of salaried work .
More than waiting for killer tweets in Arabic ...
In reality , we need to have a direct military response in Iraq / Syria that will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this conflict zone .
The situation would then look at the spread of black plague in 1348 / 9 in connection with the war and the movement of people at the time .
The Saudis have had the spirit of banning this year the Hadj to Mecca to Muslim pilgrims coming from the three affected countries .
ElPis reports that 7 400 have seen their application for a visa refused because of their country of origin or their recent trips .
In fact , there was the case of a pilgrim coming from Bosnian who contracted the variole to Mecca during the Hadj in the 1980s , probably contaminated by a pilgrimage coming from Somalia , where the disease still exists .
I hope the rest of the world will have the same presence .
Is it my heart to propose to prevent the sick of Ebola from taking a plane for Europe ?
I thought it was simple sense but apparently those &quot; who know &quot; decided that we could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people ...
These West African countries where Ebola is out of control should be strict quarantine .
Nobody comes out .
Only health workers can enter .
21 days of waiting after dealing with patients before they can go .
If they contract the Ebola virus while they are there , they stay there until they are cured .
These are not draconian measures .
Only last week , people were infected after having had contacts with people in West Africa . Even though they took &quot; all the necessary caution &quot; .
We can stop the progress of this disease .
It spreads mainly by the air companies .
Let us stop offering them to steal to these countries .
Moreover , customs agents at airports should be trained to spot people with typical symptoms of Ébola , so that they can be put in quarantine immediately .
That he can get the message from the first individual and from the group ( including religious ) second and he won the Nobel Peace Prize .
I doubt that he is able to erect as a dogma the image of God characterized by the total cortex of the planet in operation .
He &apos;s still a long way from this idea .
Only 20 years ago the information appeared like the given bonus of humanity , while religion , which came out of the brain , runs our actions since Lulny maybe .
What is the point of becoming an umpteenth Protestant church ?
For those who didn &apos;t notice it , Catholicism is largely minority in France today , no one is forced to join .
Those who criticize do not put foot in the Church anyway , there &apos;s only to see the low number of Protestants in France .
What is the next step , we remove the notion of sin , too &quot; anxiety &quot; ?
@ leise : Sorry the church does not have a limited vision to France .
And in the world , it will be possible to reach more people ...
@ Martine E , to be honest ( as usual ) respect for others as you plan it pre-in the christ .
Hillel a century before him already said : &quot; don &apos;t do to others what you don &apos;t want to do , it &apos;s there the entire Torah and the rest is only comment : go and study ! &quot;
Christianity goes far beyond simple reciprocity but introduces the agapse .
Your &quot; to advance justice , peace , fraternity &quot; but without God ?
It &apos;s a return to communism ? : )
Next step : we take away the incarnation and resurrection .
Jesus will remain this hero who has shocked moral laws by redefining respect for others .
Christians will then be ready to assume their role in the ethical debates of our societies and advance justice , peace , fraternity .
Not very Catholic ?
I think I remember that the low number of Protestants in France is mainly explained by the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and forcibly converted a few centuries ago .
I hesitate to buy that , the new Alink game , or Wasteland 2 .
And the new Elite game soon comes .
It doesn &apos;t work .
Personally , I would choose SM .
I like Wastand 2 ( I even participated in his fund campaign ) but I don &apos;t think it &apos;s 30 £ .
If it &apos;s the PC version you are interested in , Green Man Ging currently sells SM to 30 £ and also proposes a good 20 % reduction .
Green Man Ging currently sells SM to 30 £ and also offers a good 20 % reduction .
I &apos;m going to look .
Of course not at work .
The rabejoy of the computer department is blocking all sites nice .
Hello , is it 30 £ £ 30 and 20 % reduction , or does the 30 include the 20 % reduction ?
Beware , however : the PC version is only for DX11 .
It took me by surprise , I bought it , but can &apos;t play it .
Also , I bought it on Steam , so no reimbursement is zero .
It &apos;s time to buy a new video card * .
It &apos;s a Brazilian site , but you get a valid Steam identifier , I think .
Caveat emptor and all this : I didn &apos;t use it myself .
Amazon 30 £ for PC , 35 for Xbox 360 and PS3 , 44 £ for Xbox and PS4
Thank you , I &apos;m afraid that one day they will remove it from your library if they decide to crack down against people who buy it where they are outside of the planned region .
So please join the beta version of Edite : Dangerous .
So , was France in 1940 a &quot; shitty breeding ground &quot; ?
So , Tell , this Nobel prize-winner seems to me to be a poisoned gift .
You need to love it with 40 , the France of &quot; the strange defeat &quot; ?
When you see who gets the Nobel Prize for literature we wonder if Proust or Dostoyevsky would have it today .
Nobel is not even an event , we don &apos;t even want to read prized authors .
Brazilians , Chinese or Australia will read Modiano who is already difficult to read in French and who describes such a limited universe and so hackneyed ?
I hope that the other Noels are more credible but frankly I doubt it .
Modiano , Levy , Musso have only a distant relationship with literature .
Have you read at least ?
Or another Nobel Prize ?
It would be better to judge .
As for the Chinese , the Brazilians and others , don &apos;t worry for them .
foreigners are very sensitive to French literature and culture , they .
They &apos;ll be able to appreciate that .
Modiano in his fair value , if they already know him !
For your part , keep going to Lévy and Musso .
I share your opinion .
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso keep all their chances .
So see who got the Nobel Prize for literature : H.
Pinter in 2005 , D.
Hey the awful .
Since I conducted one in Iceland , I don &apos;t stop seeing Kia Sportyage everywhere .
I think this thing has followed me up until now .
Maybe she wants to crush me ?
Or to swallow me like the horrible computer of Superman III ?
Hello Dantra , always hate ?
Hello DQ - no , not today , I took my medicine .
It &apos;s Wednesday !
I had a few days of rest .
It was cool .
Last weekend I went to the festival of beer and the cider of Notttingham .
It was bogus .
I managed to disguise 19 different beers , Wobby Weasel being one of my favorite .
I was pleasantly surprised by the mix of people there , there was not only fanatic fanatics ( not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera ) .
Controlling back on Sunday was really hard .
Monday night we went to the grandfather of a friend to play nudg brag .
Thanks to a real beginning , I could go back with several decent updates .
I hope that if I arrive at 95 years I &apos;m going to be as lively as him .
Last night I went to a cocktails bar chicken in Farringdon .
One of my beverages arrived with a slice of lard on it .
I admire Mr
Read a little Bouddha and you will understand how wrong you are , Christian .
Having said that , without wanting to annoy you , I think you &apos;re moving away a little from the subject .
This famous entire , it bans queues for jihasty people out of the mosques .
It mentions arms trafficking without delay .
Either we have the great eyes open like Meddeb and Taiwan or Boubaker or we have the big closed eyes .
You have to choose .
It &apos;s not by keeping the closed eyes that you get light .
Excuse me , dear Christian , but once again , you make a monumental counter-sense : all the authorities , organisations or associations representative , Muslim or not , having formally condemned the IS and its crimes , the French , Muslim or not , have nothing to add to these formal official convictions .
Who does not say word word .
The problem is that people like you see them first like Muslims , Arabs or African people .
Not like French .
Unfortunately , dear Koch , Mervel , the doubt exists for everyone .
As I said a thousand times , some people doubt the acceptance by the Jewish French of the Israeli massacres in Gaza , but it would be stupid and foolish to accuse them priori and to demand that they protest publicly to prove to French society that it &apos;s wrong to doubt it .
In my opinion , this principle is denial of the republic and can only help to detach French society .
I don &apos;t have any doubt about it , so to speak .
Who does not say word for word , but what do you agree ?
Congratulations to II or the conviction of II .
The silence is very practical , it &apos;s the main weapon of those who want to spare the goat and the kiss .
Your position is intellectually honest but realistic .
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could , during the elections , &quot; revenge &quot; parties represented in Westminster because a huge gap has increased between their proposals for devolution and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence .
Cameron must be petrified to the idea of losing all these seats in Westminster ...
Cameron must take care to laugh .
What are these threats ?
Conservatives are completely unaware of Scotland because they have no basis there .
They can do what they want with all electoral impunity .
I don &apos;t think that Cameron even is stupid enough to believe that Labour losing seats in Westminster for the benefit of the SNP is good in the long run for him and the Conservatives .
Who will pay a tear for the Labor Party .
They &apos;re going to get rid of themselves in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP who will cut their head in the north .
Ed Miliband joins the &quot; PRMESESESESSE &quot; thinking that he saved his party but without knowing that he was signing the death sentence of his Scottish deputies .
No wonder that some Labour members ask their leader to account .
If the SNP wins 20-25 seats and there is no majority in parliament , even if the seats do not come from the Conservatives , then they will be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to force both the Conservatives and Labor to do what they promised for it . Maximum devolution .
I think it &apos;s more important .
Not if Labor or Conservatives want to be re-elected one day in England .
Calling 8 % pumps at the expense of 85 % , it &apos;s not a super electoral strategy .
Also , once Scottish deputies no longer be able to vote on the issues concerning England , the Conservatives will win all the votes .
Oh , I think it &apos;s true .
Cameron may not have much to lose , but Miliband if .
Maggie did it with Ulster Unionists and it succeeded him well .
But he is still in liking to be prime minister in 2015 and that since he won the Labor Party leadership .
So , basically , these boxes will be virtually behind every reader to look over his shoulder and see what he reads , how he reads , and until the end .
It &apos;s &quot; The life of others &quot; from East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of FRIC ...
Always the same fascination for surveillance techniques .
Ultimately , it will at least have a sterilized effect .
I &apos;m waiting for the next ticket : Amazon manufacturing VOTRE book according to VOTRE profile and that automatically thanks to an algorithm of its secret !
It &apos;s gonna like a world .
Frankly , stimulation .
Thank you for the article .
As under this system , the management of the DRMs has not been impacted , it &apos;s left to me to read the pirated files , public domain books or bought with a few editors who have the intelligence to propose files without fucking .
Given the price I paid for the Kobo , it &apos;s without regret .
I &apos;m astounded of the widespread abdication of users in the face of the widespread ownership of their privacy .
In your release public , you systematically notice that everyone gives his fidelity card ( fn * c , * * ire , ... ) .
There are also demanding masterpieces whose opening and completion rates are probably laughable .
For example , &quot; Finnegans We &quot; of James Joce .
@ Thomas : In the Big Data era , the data doesn &apos;t really need to be personal to be relevant .
Beware of not putting all the literature in the same bag .
The harvest of anonymous data when there is a profile ... .
The harvest is not anonymous .
Kobo data is published by Kobo , which allows neither the readers nor the authors to identify .
But Kobo has all this information well , he &apos;s .
There have been so many exaggerated , erroneous and contradictory statements from the Turkish Government in the last few days that the country seems to be governed by a kindergarten class full of schizophrenic girls .
It &apos;s even worse if you take into account Erdogan &apos;s religious fundamentalism .
It &apos;s interesting that some supporters of Erdogan think that Islamist is such an insult that they are removing your comment , but not mine . ; - )
Well then : -P But Turkey doesn &apos;t want to shoot itself in the foot unless it gets something .
If she attack ISIS , ISIS will laugh , so it &apos;s actually shooting yourself in the foot .
A retired diplomat written on his blog : &quot; The AP reports that Iran warned the United States that it would be a mistake to seek to overthrow Syria &apos;s President Bashar Al-Assad because it would jeopardise Israel &apos;s security .
It &apos;s not clear in the article if Iran was sending a serious warning warning or just advising caution .
This second option is more likely and , in any case , what really surprises is that today the Iranian and American diplomatic engagement concerns Syria , Israel and the security of the region . &quot;
Indian Punchline &apos;s reading is to recommend strongly to anyone who pays attention to the details rather than to the * neuroneries swept away by the traditional media . The short article you give is important and should be read with the realistic comments / warnings from Iran coming from Iran to propose Afghanistan around . from 1979 - 1980 .
Who are these &quot; moderates &quot; who seriously fight against the horrible secular Assad and at the same time the perverts of ISIS ?
The policy of the pipelines pushes the world toward the abme and I would suggest to those who refer to non-existing &quot; moderates &quot; to pay more attention to facts and alternatives before sending children from others to fight in the Third World War .
&quot; It &apos;s even worse if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan . &quot; Are there any other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East ?
I have one in mind .
We need a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turkish people .
&quot; should &quot; be &quot; needed &quot; ?
You realize that neither the criminals nor the victims have any chance of being still alive ?
A little late for that , my friend ...
Are criminals not barely old now , like 120 years ?
A bit late for that , no ?
Especially concerning the CUP triumvirate that planned and directed the genocide , Talaat and Djemaal killed just after the 1st World War by revenge by the Armenians , and Enver killed by Bolsheviks in a packed place of the Central Asia almost at the same time , when he went there and dreamed of basing a Turkish empire there .
What a madness !
An impressive mastery of the fallacy of the fateful slope , but apart from that , we &apos;re looking in vain for contact with the real .
How many clichés without arguments .
Foeus will always listen to a heart that is even beating in the pot of a beating mother .
Lesbian couples can simply be a child &apos;s desire and not a desire to be accepted .
Létero couples sterile too .
As for children !
What a shame to designate them as future psychological imbalancing .
One day , they will have the age to defend themselves , to say they are happy to live , to earn their living and to pay the retirement of this lady ( ? )
The GPA is without doubt a temporary &quot; solution &quot; in the evolution of medicine that our world knows .
She doesn &apos;t date from today .
Many women brought children and children who were not from their husband .
This is still the case , we are so ...
The important thing about this is that this practice is framed so that the &quot; commercialisation &quot; of the body is limited .
But aesthetic surgery , Cosmetics are not they as commercialized as bodies ? !
Anakronk Fareinheit ...
It is certainly more elegant to make a good in countries far away via the internet and Pay Pal than to shoulder their responsibilities and or to avoid the scandal in another centuries close to home without shout at that time on all the roofs ! ...
These practices were not made anymore in the name of the church ! ...
It &apos;s not only Christians and believers who refuse these practices ...
Nevertheless , the exploitation of bodies is a real problem .
Oh , you can , this man is passionate about something .
At the end of the 1970s in the Midlands I saw that only by far .
I had to go there the day because I had no right to go there the night !
But if you like it and you listen to music - this music today always affects you as much .
I don &apos;t know why there are so many contemptuous comments here about what Paul Mason says , maybe they are posted by people who have never been cools , even for a few years !
I think that in the sports section there is an article on soccer that awaits your comments .
Very true article , very true .
Since Tony Parson &apos;s movie , there is a shortage of reports that really reflect the reality of the culture of North England .
No wonder Paul Mason has understood the social and political context , he understands things well .
The Northern soup is still alive , but it has been vampirised by capitalism and today it &apos;s essentially a surface phenomenon .
Having said that , you can look at it if you are in the London region in November : 99psoul will go back to the vyles of souls , including full of southern souls , on Saturday 15 November in Betsey Trowood in Farringdon .
I too thought &quot; always the same story &quot; but that &apos;s a little well-written and well thought out article .
Your criticism really needs to be more constructive .
Proper article .
I love your documentary .
I suppose you are happy to have escaped Newsnight .
Last train for Wigoria / Exchange and Exchange and get down to Wallgate .
By getting rid of bullshit .
Whatever the station before Wigan was Inice , 15 min with Wigan after buying a ticket for the judgment after Victoria !
The beginnings of the Northern stage souls are described in an excellent episode of the police series George Gallly called Gently Northern Soul , which is happening in Newcastle in 1968 .
The business is becoming more and more poisonous .
The Palestinians don &apos;t have a partner for peace .
Unfortunately , Netanyahu never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace .
@ Jonathan : Netanyahu does not seek peace because he wants to continue to occupy settlements ( moreover , it was also the case of Rabin ) .
It is obvious that Rabin , Netanyahu and their voters all preferred to have peace in peace .
He takes his clothes , post them on the rock and enter the water .
An Israeli stolen them .
The Israeli representative is angry and stealing : &quot; What are you talking about ?
The Israeli people were not even there at the time ! &quot; .
The Palestinian representative ( UN ) smile and added : and now things are clearly established
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the bipolar government of the Palestinian Authority and will not lower the guard ...
That it &apos;s disagreeable to the anti-Israeli people is obvious , it &apos;s not the desired goal ...
Anticionist : But I answered you , I translated : the global geo-political relationship ...
And it &apos;s still so since politics is globalized ...
Avoim , avoid ...
In the Israeli / colonial conflict , for the creation of the Palestinian state , it &apos;s certain , it will continue !
For the creation of Israel , you don &apos;t answer .
What balance of power has the creation of Israel been ?
Anticionist : the Arabic conflict is still today a power relationship !
You doubt it ? ! ! !
Also , all this not only revolves around Russell Band , but the journalists of the Guardan seem to have trouble going beyond anything that he doesn &apos;t have to say .
Many of what he says are only pseudo-chomskysts not others .
This proves that you don &apos;t understand what Russell Band says , or what Noam Chomsky says .
It &apos;s just a sequel of personal attacks and insinuation ( my 13-year-old girl likes her , which means it &apos;s a question of immunity ) .
A really vicious charge , with just a suspicion of raising awareness that Russell Band says some truths , maybe truths that we prefer not to think about .
Come on , this feeling will become more and more widespread !
I can understand why Blanand horrible some : he sometimes speaks pretentious and after all the absurdities of tabloids . He does indeed give the impression of being a beggar-thy-neighbor , but this whole story of not voting has been completely misinterpreted in my opinion .
The general consensus seems to be that he just says to people not to vote and rather to cross the arm and ignore the entire political process - but if you look at the interview with Paxman and other articles / video articles he posted , he said that voting once every 5 years for the Lsubscription or Conservatives ( or Lib Demes I suppose ) and limit democratic engagement to this is completely useless , both parties ( to slightly different degrees ) governed mainly in favor of special interests , multinational companies and the rich , at no point does he say to completely ignore the politics because these parties don &apos;t rule in our name : he insists that rather than just voting and disconnecting himself for five years , people should become much more active politically at local level , organize movements , demonstrations , petitions , regardless of what and try to influence politics from that .
I don &apos;t say that I necessarily agree with his solution ( because I think that being politically active by submitting his requests can go hand in hand with voting , given that politicians are giftes that will change their mind if they really risk losing elections ) , but it &apos;s missed to see all these answers condescending people say that this imbecile that makes Jesus tell young people not to take the trouble to vote and just hope that everything will be better because it &apos;s really distort his arguments .
His solution is extremely debatable and it would be good if people were to debate what he really says rather than just label it as irresponsibly and put aside the concerns of him and a lot of people left for account .
Yes , thank you .
The thing about the vote was completely misrepresented .
I &apos;m deeply annoyed about the fact that my vote really does not count for nothing .
I want more referendums , the electronic vote , direct democracy and deputies who give a local account to their voters .
Also , I dispute the idea that the words of Russell Band are not side ( written by others ) .
He is smart enough to have his own words and ideas , even if they are strongly influenced by the kind of anti-farming thinkers and academics from the counter-culture that Suzanne would want to bring together under the label &quot; bilesee pseudo-chomskyists &quot; .
I &apos;m rather convinced that in a debate he would succeed in convincing Suzanne .
Maybe that &apos;s what the Guardan could do , that Szanne does like Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a véranda , with even the headache hooks added to the montage !
Like Max Keiser , who initially attacked Russel but ended up becoming one of his fans and invite him in his show , it &apos;s too easy to attack him without really understanding where he wants to come .
It runs into a political discourse that has existed for generations , but which has been marginalized by traditional media - including the Guardan - for generations .
This &quot; frontloading &quot; reveals , above all , to me that the intellectual debate has long been held in the RDVs in the history where professional historians have become a minority and where the exchanges of specialists have become poorer for the benefit of lonely condensed type of press issues .
For my part , I saw in Pierre Bourdieu &apos;s intellectual attitude as well as that of Michel Foucault , a need to blame someone , a scapegoat .
They develop some very rational reasoning , but this rationality is based on these scapegoats who are the keystone of their thinking .
I think rather that for Foucault , the state was necessary as a culprit .
This is a very archaic thought , the thought sacrificing , which is also magic thinking .
We solve the problem from the relationship to the other by eliminating it .
There is an anarchist slope , neo-lib and / or / or libertarian ( both terms marks a hardening of the government &apos;s desire to stamp out its markets , the first knowing how to seek the rescue of the state for its markets ) in the sense of the least state / not of the state at any state at Foucaolo . You &apos;re talking about it .
The old dream of the self-organize base .
His thought is built on the culpability of the state : without this culpability it doesn &apos;t hold up .
Who says guilty , says elimination , murder , sacrifice .
This is not a position against the three intellectuals cited here .
Nor , moreover , support .
The totalitarian left remember the good old time , that of its god at the time , Stalin , the little father of the people .
Oulala , you probably read a chouya too fast if you took Foucault &apos;s texts on the Iranian revolution for an apology of Khomeini .
Today , even Pierre Mangers would no longer be amusing to attack Michel by this way ...
Gaude poses a deep reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective , on the difficulty that the accession mechanism represents in our advanced liberal societies .
Whether we agree or not with him , he &apos;s an original and respectable thinker .
Seeing this cabal orchestrated by human scientists in the hard-left human sciences who don &apos;t bear the brunt of allegiance to their mantras is pretty laughable .
The narcisisisisme and the authoritarianism of these people is without limits .
An important point to add seems to be the position of these &quot; rebels , &quot; which is only intellectual and theoretical .
The treatment of the Chinese and other &quot; yellow &quot; that I saw in Russia is absolutely incredible .
You did not have the pleasure of hearing our Australia friends on this subject , then .
And where was it in Russia that a Russian can meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion ?
I don &apos;t remember when I saw a Chinese for the last time .
In London and they were nice in my opinion when they learned that I was Russian .
In Russia here - in the 1990s the last time , in a market .
Chinese think similar to white !
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and from Guangzhou a long time ago , in the middle of the 20th century , and I still hear some of them holding violently anti--Blancs .
My father isn &apos;t happy that his elder girl was born like a Blanc .
I also think that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and especially in recent years : they are becoming richer and richer , prosperity spreads outside the big cities , and thanks to this prosperity people travel abroad and see how others live .
From what I was told , Russians mostly have prejudices against temporary workers without qualifications from the Caucuses and Central Asia , who work in professions and in zones where they have a lot of luck to be exploited by their employers or face crime and high violence .
Although I lived on the banks of the river Ienissei in Siberia .
Unfortunately , I heard the opinions of the Australia about the Chinese and the Aorigens .
It &apos;s really strange that a foreigner tells me that I don &apos;t support the Chinese , while I met two in my life ( including one abroad ) , they didn &apos;t keep bad memories , all people are worth it and actually , those of London were very nice that &apos;s the only one . That &apos;s why I remembered that they were Chinese .
Otherwise we don &apos;t remember who we meet , all people are equal , how to remember who was who was .
Do you know what is weird ?
That you and the other Russian are talking about Chinese as a kind of unique fascination , as if they were an attraction in a zoo .
And yet you &apos;re always coming out with the so-called Blanc .
How many Chinese men are with white people , by comparison ?
None , because there &apos;s a lot of chances that parents in these lanes would attack them PHYSEMENT .
No measure of the fairness of justice .
However , it &apos;s the mother of all the battles and justice in France remains manipulated by highly marked groups on the left like the union of the magistracy ...
@ Marout : sorry , but judicial circles are frankly brand right .
When the judiciary of the magistracy , it only represses 25 % of judges .
If a measure of its bias can be made based on the relativity of the application of laws in the courts , it order to remove two obstacles .
The one of the political vision of the observer like that of the judicial interpretation of the magistrate .
It then remains the mandatory tool of the law to refocus the evaluation on the basics .
The measure of its inobserve in all judicial acts of magistrates , included , force to make a distinction between the error and the bias of the magistrates .
It would be fun to claim that acts of justice do not spread between these three groups .
The claim and lack of knowledge does not come from an objective analysis .
And if all this is not analysed , how can I say that justice improves in France ?
If only by statistics revealing implicitly that she starts from a very low level .
The previous prefect makes it possible to register what follows in the third ratio .
The one of corruption * of the magistracy .
sensitive project in proportion to the power of nuisance * that is given to the judicial institution capable of such heresy .
The domain considered is that of the robbery * of heirs committed until through procedure fraud * by generalogists mandated by notaries .
This profession gets a good year bad € 150 million while benefiting from the * coverage by the quasi-judicial impunity * French node .
For understanding their mechanism , one part was reported in the comments following the first published .
Where it joins the so-called statistical improvement * moderate by the previous comment , it is that the judicial institution has produced , during many differences between generalogist and heirs to get rid of themselves , a whole series of legal cases contrary to all laws favorable to heirs .
Is the presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria not a crazy form of lying ?
Surely prices are totally prohibitive .
Again equipment to scrap disabled people .
We can say that , but my brother has one of these trifs every field , built on his size and weight and really made it possible for him to enjoy the full air as never a normal wheelchair , with wheelings and tyres that are cumbersome , could not .
As we say , the gates and the colors ...
Tankchairi resembles what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear .
Tankchair has the EPIEU air .
I think the inventor of Whill has never had to clean a dog crack on a shit .
I &apos;m sure my sister would love the tricycle every ground , but it &apos;s simply too expensive .
The wheelchair of ultra long distance would be perfect for a disabled person with a penchant for the long-distance .
Here , there are hills who would like them .
Prices seem to be high , but there are really people who put this kind of price in a bike , so &quot; you see &quot; .
The trifecta every field seems particularly useful to me .
All disabled people are not poor , however .
Many of them have insurance of a reasonable amount .
Only if they have become disabled .
The thing is that the wheelchair market is a niche , so they can afford to practice high prices for things that they know they need .
We can &apos;t really say that the Whill is minimalist .
It &apos;s an example of excessive design .
Unfortunately , it &apos;s just a sketch , it &apos;s not planned to produce it .
I &apos;m CONTENT that the wheelchair wheelchair does not arrive on the market , because apparently there is no way to drive this trick rigged .
Almost 20 000 homes were destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza , during intensive bombing of densely populated residential areas .
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockades of Gaza since 2007 ( Israel is the occupying power of Palestinian territory , not Egypt ) .
Half of these are children and young people who are under 18 years old .
Children of eight years old lived all their lives under Israeli blockades !
unique situation in the world , an unacceptable situation , also illegal , as this blockage imposes a &quot; collective punishment &quot; has all the civilians in Gaza .
&quot; Entrepreneurs who work on their projects hijack a little from their cement to the black market &quot; ...
Ah it &apos;s not wood language , rather concrete and army the lady ...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact .
Anticionist ...
The good cement goes into the tunnels !
There is the black market that is certain and recognised .
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockades of Gaza since 2007 .
unique situation in the world , which is unacceptable to anyone with a heart and moral meaning .
The USA has a well-guarded field : Saudi Arabia .
Morsi didn &apos;t have the time to rule because the dictatorship ( supported by who you know ) has excluded him !
Do not forget that after lifted him , Morsi restored the blockage ! ! !
And I &apos;m a Western , so I approve ...
Jonathan ...
The Bucks is Israel \ \ n \ \ n<unk> pen ...
The children of Gaza live on a underground fortress , edited to the people who chose his masters !
Having a boat is a lot of work , Aleks .
I hope you have thought well .
Chesurg is much more cool than Airbnb .
It &apos;s the very definition of the sharing economy , not-for-profit .
Many are only looking for one evening on Cchaoverfing .
So it &apos;s getting paid ( or at least hoping ) in another way .
It &apos;s always much cheaper than a hotel , if you have to look for the right addresses .
Also , owners and tenants who trust themselves stop using Airbnb and deal directly with cash , circumventing Airbnb .
Where is the community in all this .
&quot; What is she doing about &quot; &quot; rent on &quot; ?
No problem with the verb , what is the problem with your grammar ?
We don &apos;t use the verb &quot; to let &quot; in the United States .
The author simply used an American expression .
He &apos;s an international newspaper now , in case you &apos;re not noticed .
It would be better to have the right insurance for the ship , make sure it is 100 % in line with all security rules and ask those who manage channels and river the authorisation to practice a commercial activity there ( which they will certainly refuse ) . I have a boat and I tried to see how to rent it ( in all . Honestly ) on Airbnb , in short , it &apos;s really a nightmare ...
Did you think about the fact that the boats can be moved , stolen and repainted , sunk , etc . ?
The pensioners are so slow that if someone was trying to steal it she would always be close to where you left it .
Or hijacked by pirates ...
All these Somalian immigrants who come here and attack our pens ...
Where are you going to laugh it ?
No Marine Le Pen is not right !
Populism ?
There is no truth other than the one that exposes the facts !
Poverty is rising in France .
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training .
Increasing wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality .
Who defends who ?
Who defends what ?
In 2017 , Mass will be said !
Capitalism will not become poorer !
High finance , speculation , plays with our companies so our jobs , with our raw materials , so our purchases , our food so our food , so our health , with our debts so our institutions .
They are a threat to our daily lives by the same and our money they hold ..
All of this to the benefit of the hyper-mega-obese frivolous .
Until proven otherwise , FH said : &quot; My enemy has no name , my enemy has no face , my enemy is finance &quot; .
It was in 2012 .
In 2014 , he appointed a former minister of economics Rothschild , a story to better defend the interests of banksters , only responsible for the 2007 crisis .
Was there no one else else <unk> so ?
You call it how : go back to his jacket , lower his trouser ?
primary and populist action
In fact we don &apos;t know too much what Marine Le Pen thinks .
Where did you see that ?
Because Germans refused to help the survivors .
I &apos;m not sure that Spee really had &quot; refused &quot; to rescue the survivors .
One of the aspects of this battle is that none of the parties seemed sure of the exact strength of the enemy .
Robert Massie in his book &quot; Castles of Steel &quot; suggests that Spee quickly left the zone because he received a report showing British cooking in the zone .
The sea was heated at the beginning of the day ; I don &apos;t know if it was still the case at the end of the battle ?
Similarly , the fight ended after sinking the sun , making every rescue operation more difficult .
Compare this with the following battle , that of the Malouins , where , on the photos showing the survivors who are being rescued , we see a calm sea and in the day .
Moreover , the rescuers knew that there were no German fighters at this stage in the zone at this stage .
Hmm , that doesn &apos;t really correspond to what I remember having read about this battle , so I made a quick research on Wikipedia :
&quot; There was some confusion among German ships about the fate of the two cooking crusers , who had disappeared in the dark after stopping the shoot , and a race-prosecution started .
The Leipzig lives something in fire , but getting closer he lives that it was only a wreck .
The Nürberg , slower than other German ships , joins the battle late and lives on Monmith , penned and seriously damaged but still on the move .
Having pointed out its spotlight on the ship &apos;s flag , the proposal to go was refused and it opened fire , finally blowing the ship .
Without reliable information , you &apos;re judging that the Good Hope had to escape and stop the research at 10 : 15 .
Don &apos;t worry about the reports showing a British cooking in the surrounding area , he hurts the north . &quot;
So , if it &apos;s true , Germans , in the dark before the invention of radar , did not know that a ship had sunk , and so could not look for survivors .
They also thought that there was a larger cooking of the Royal Navy in the area that could have seriously damaged them , so in confusion they disguise to enjoy their advance .
They were far from their base and Spee was aware that they should find a way through many vessels from the Royal Navy .
Cradok &apos;s sacrifice had already caused them harm and cost them about half of their ammunition , thus condemning them when they were finally taken .
Several voices are in the UMP asking for it to be written in the law that an elected elected person is therefore definitively ineligible .
This is a courageous position , which would also affect elected leftists well on .
But nooon , it &apos;s a joke .
PROR CTTE IDE IDE JE PROPSE UNINSCRITION OU INSCAS MUR DES CONS DES MHATS
When will the ban on unions in sectors already protected ?
How long will we tolerate this distortion of equality between citizens ?
Viewed by politicians ( es ) whose vision of society is limited to these sectors , which are still quick to embed those same ones who will benefit from their inamity to hammer the actions of the real policies , who really try to get things moving , not the nice words . The lack of action is in line with their sufficiency .
I met them in the metro at midday with their little placards . &quot; They came from province and did not make the difference between Bercy and POPB .
She supports the existence of politicized unions whose members put the enormous power they hold at the service of her party .
She would not defend the same theses if right-wing unions , even extreme right , were targeted for personalities on her board and led against a judicial and media war .
Your statements are completely free .
If , at the moment , the right is defying the current judiciary , it &apos;s simply that it has committed facts that come under it !
We have no example of left-wing personality who had so much to do with justice but all those who were the subject of his attention did not have any favorable treatment .
On the other hand , it must also be remembered that the union of the magistracy that is on the left is not the only union of magistrates and that it is minority .
That a minister supports with so much commitment the unions shows how useful they can be .
@ MRC The union you mention is perhaps a minority one among the magistrates , but its influence is great on the Chancellery , it &apos;s not a secret .
We now wonder if the &quot; mission &quot; of certain judges is not more salir rather than educating .
@ gus - You should be satisfied , the SM is minority .
What do you complain about ?
@ Pivine : Do you forget that magistrates are not civil servants like others : they are the only ones who have the power to indict and incarcerate the all-un-everyone .
Jade Goody ?
And if none of the participants ever came back ?
Hello , Kdiplomacy Wissel .
I think even the most starved debit of glory realises that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career , so I would be surprised if someone accepts their offer .
Many used it as a springboard to start a successful career .
Oine Directors fill the stadiums around the world .
Then others sold many records or left for West End .
Popstars , the forerunner of all these programs , launched Chreyl Cole , which , in fact , is part of the juries .
Even ABBA , Olivia Newtt-John , Céévia Dion , Cliff Richard , all of them did the Eurovision vision , like so many others .
While others like Frank Sinatra and everything else have participated in competition in the United States .
In the 70s and 80s , New Faces and Opopportunity opportunities Knoks launched most of the light entertainment stars on British television .
Of course , some have fallen into oblivion .
But it &apos;s what happens anyway to most of the stars who don &apos;t participate in the competition .
Few people , after a tube , manage to make others .
Anyway , most singers / groups can best hope for three albums and a drink of .
Yeah , but now Cole , or whatever his name , is fans only in the United Kingdom .
His celebrity comes partly from his marriage with a footballer who breathes with his mouth .
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson .
can only mean the end of a career
In fact , it &apos;s more likely to lead to a career than the typical rock path , even if in your dreams you think that all the guide fries that smoke from the grass in the garage of their father and wipe out three agreements on a primary school level will surely become a primary school . Starting and the only question is how much they want to touch before even getting out of an album .
And worse than ridiculous : it creates a completely artificial distance between the western public and the people who are studied - distance that goes quickly to racism , because the sacralists ethos present these far away people like infinite superstitils and petty bigotry , while most of their ways of doing things are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired , like our own , practical considerations on a daily basis .
Except that you &apos;re imprudent in the opposite direction .
Either , but rather than saying that the drumm is devoid of a sacred character , shouldn &apos;t it be better to admit that our Marianne and our Molers do not also have a bit of a sacred character ?
Our bias is as pointed out to see the sacred as a kind of well-defined object and circumscribes to the religious sphere .
Anyway , it &apos;s very interesting .
It &apos;s from the deco ephemere to mourn the void .
Nothing more .
Subsidiary article , thank you .
The recent Pantheonization of illustrated figures from the Republic is an illustration of the fact that the feeling of sacred always lives .
Who still thinks in interpretations of the archaeologists !
Any other discipline would throw open interpretations of any scientists who last the life of a mandarin , rarely less .
When is a comparable critique of the discipline so that we can laugh a bit ?
Because what is worth for archaeology also applies to the interpretations given by other subjects .
It would bring a healthy dose of modesty .
Your contempt for archaeologists is completely unjustified !
It &apos;s thanks to them that we constantly discover treasures , valuable testimonies to restore history , understand companies , and the example here of comparative archaeology is fascinating .
This method isn &apos;t very old and archaeologists used to be in their &quot; instincts &quot; and their knowledge , and could be mistaken .
Today we have so much technical and scientific means that the interpretation of searches is better but can always be called into question by other discoveries !
We are there in full ( and old ) controversy about the championship put forward by the prehistorian Jean Clottes ( if her book &quot; The cares &quot; of prehistory , especially the increase in scientific controversy , published in the editions The House of Roche ) .
Thanks for this very informative article
Men heterogeneous like the anal sex ?
For you Mike , I could get there .
So , is it between us ?
I don &apos;t really understand why can we not continue to three ?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious , done for adults .
Do you really need to fall into the heights ?
No , but we are not against a play on this .
We could not watch a musical comedian on this on the other hand , it would be too gay !
We could expect to have this kind of comment on your part .
It looks like Mary White came back from the dead .
Since your test offer is almost over , may I suggest you go to Catholics Times .
I &apos;m sure you will feel more at home .
He prefers mikedow .
May I suggest that we all look for a newspaper that pays real journalists , courageous , so that they can write about the Middle East , Ebola , etc . At their risk and perils .
Rather than just laughing with these puerile dass jokes .
Not very bad .
Go ahead then .
If these &quot; childish jokes &quot; are so shocking , you don &apos;t have to participate , isn &apos;t you ?
You also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola and that it is perfectly possible to do both and publish an article on the anal sex ?
Is it the subject that shocked you , or the fact that people are in a laughing stock ?
Nevertheless , we find the amateur video of the crash on the net ...
video amateur of the crash on the net ... ? ?
If the FOM chose not to show these images , it &apos;s only to protect its interests in no way those of the pilot .
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots , it would have come out of the bag because at the moment a different vehicle ( for example , breakdown ) came onto the circuit .
But we had to finish quickly before the typhoon that we knew he arrived , but for which the FOM didn &apos;t consider it appropriate to advance the departure time ( TV law , pub , money ... ) .
But apart from that they protect the pilots well .
Well , yes , I also share this opinion .
But there is also the fact that if the very tight FOM comes into the SC , it will allow Nico Rosberg to have a chance to beat the English that led then ...
You go on this blog my dear Dayton .
But it &apos;s not serious , I have a bit of time to get all your c * * * * * .
No , just no .
There have been lots of conspiracies in F1 , but never one that puts Commissioners in danger of death for a long history of the possibility of a pilot &apos;s victory at the expense of another .
It &apos;s not the FOM that comes out of the bag because it &apos;s IFA .
Ssize of size .
In view of the amateur images , the lack of image makes it especially possible for FIA to avoid troublesome questions of the type : How is it that the Commissioner agitates a green flag in the middle of the accident and continues to do it after the accident ( see the video complete after the accident )
No , it &apos;s not because the video is deemed too violent for FIA to block images of the accident but because one of the Commissioners is clearly a green flag , sign that the race can normally resume normally and that we &apos;re more under yellow flag regime .
Some comments show a dark ignorance of F1 .
Yes , dear Etienne , the race is no longer under the yellow flag of flag APES place the place of accident , hence the green flag .
It &apos;s the usual procedure .
The post of commisers just downstream of the accident ( depending on the case , it can be 10 meters like 10 0meters after the accident ) agitate the green to tell the pilots to resume normal lit .
Sensationalism is selling the pub .
Before I thought the media was an integral part of the government &apos;s &quot; patriotic &quot; propaganda offensive , but I &apos;m afraid that , at the end of the day , it &apos;s just money .
And sex , let &apos;s not forget sex , the fear of not having sexual life , the pub and the media are good to sell us things that are supposed to improve our sexual life .
Investigations do exactly the same thing .
Make buzz with info that we really don &apos;t need to care about is just to continue to scare people so that they can continue to control them .
&quot; When the tabloids touch about Ebola , we all attractive the fear &quot; It should be &quot; derailed &quot; not &quot; touch &quot; .
Given the medical reference , &quot; breaking &quot; is much better said in this context than &quot; derailing &quot; .
I wonder if all the people who panic that Ebola could start to spread by air realize that they now believe in the evolution ?
You make them too honorable .
They probably think that is the end of the world and that Ebola is just one of the signs of apocalypse that approaches .
Ebola is Antechrist !
You confuse Ebola and Murdoch ...
Subper article , thank you !
A short and concise article that makes a mockery of and solidly this despicable pseudo-journalism .
It made me laugh .
It depresses me that the media talk about most things with this upturn .
The goal is once again to keep us scary and frightened enough ( without getting to the hysteria ) for the government to get us out of it when it needs it .
I think it &apos;s perfectly logical that , if we have to suffer a budget emergency in the absence of any crisis , a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack , why not have a crisis of Ebola in the absence of any proven case ?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises he himself invented .
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of governing by fear ?
Congratulations for this post , and to be of this world almost 35 years later .
At the beginning it had to be horrible , given the context of the 1980-90 .
I &apos;m stupid , live with the certainty to spend years going there for years ...
It &apos;s completely useless .
As always when we talk about science .
Not only testimonies are useless : taken in isolation , they can &apos;t serve as a scientific material .
But they have a harmful influence on the objective appreciation of the facts .
@ traffic : testimonies can &apos;t serve as a scientific material .
It &apos;s perhaps why we abstain from asking patients in psychiatry when we have reliable comments from the loved ones .
My psychiatric file mentions that my mother psychiatrist explains that I was educated telepically by her mother-in-law .
This is therefore an objective sign .
When I say that it &apos;s a joke , it &apos;s a subjective testimony of no importance .
Ah , because the attachment of a fact ( = this testimony , which testifies to the pollution and efficiency of new treatments ) is useless in a scientific process ?
What are you basing the research , then ?
On fantasies ?
Do you put in the same level fanciful theories and facts ( = giving rise to verifiable testimonies ) ?
&quot; Resilience &quot; : the word stupid by the grandmothers , fans of J-L Delarue , who take for great psychologists after reading D &apos;urg .
@ Jim : There are lots of fun bucks in the psychos .
Cyrulnik did us the blow of &quot; resilience &quot; .
Since it &apos;s a great scientist , Cyrulnik , I hope he will have briefed us on a reliable scale of measure to quantify it , this famous resilience .
I wonder if the Sinnelles of the air could all save us from Farage and company ? ?
Do you not think about Team America ?
Seriously , it &apos;s not * * a good idea to get out of the Sentiles from the air ...
And why ?
It was a great series and it looks like those who emerge from it are aware of it !
So let &apos;s leave our salt to the all-powerful who can do miracles .
But how are they going to do so for children to hang on ?
The only solution that comes to mind is humor gender , which would kill the series .
It was already a series for children .
Children were hooking .
Ah , because it &apos;s a series for children ?
The UKIP work for the Mysterons .
So please keep your Team America .
Always in Supmarisation ?
It will not be the same if we don &apos;t see the sons and the animation is done well . : - )
I look forward to seeing this ( although being an adult ) , but I hope it will give the idea of a channel to rebroadcast the old people .
The series has almost never stopped being broadcast here in Australia ; it has been at least 40 years since we had episodes of an hour on Saturday and Sunday at 06 halls .
Since the arrival of digital television free a few years ago , it is one of the second-class commercial channels and we can always see it at these times .
And also half an hour &apos;s episodes pass at 05 : 30 from Monday to Friday !
Fine , I &apos;m probably a &quot; sad &quot; guy of 60 , but I don &apos;t look at this series every day !
There &apos;s no &quot; Mount of the temple &quot; in or under the mosque of resades ! ! !
radical Zionists invented this to give themselves political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem .
Moreover , all Israeli searches below and around the mosque of estates for several decades have not helped to find anything .
The mont of the temple if he exists he &apos;s elsewhere .
Can you be in Argentina ? ?
This mont is not sought for the simple reason that it &apos;s the column on which the mosques were built .
His summit , or a Rocher &apos;s host , is seasoned in the middle of the mosque of Omar .
For Muslims , Mohammed was mounted in paradise from this rock .
For Jews , it &apos;s the mont Moriah where Abraham failed to sacrifice his son Isaac .
As long as she was caught and contextualized , there &apos;s no propaganda , but information , dear K1K1 .
Israel also counts its extremists , it is good to remind it regularly , and they are unfortunately relayed in the government ( Naftali Bennet , Avigdor Liebermann , and even Netanyahu , he accepted the plan with 2 states , and he was constantly raising it ! ) .
It is also good to show how much the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful fact .
God will he recognize his own ?
The shortest Jewish joke : &quot; God is lauded ! &quot;
To boast of tourism in Israel , we often show ourselves naive naive young people , alanguies on the beach .
The reality is , as usual , quite different from what advertising shows , as we can see on the photo that exemplifies the article .
It &apos;s a bit scary anyway .
And this photo is a wonderful piece of propaganda !
It &apos;s a shame that the photographer of Reuters did not take photos of the hundreds of Palestinians authorized to go back on the Mount of the temple and who prefer to go over Jewish followers in the counter , praying to the Wall .
@ Mat , if this photo bothers you , it &apos;s right , it &apos;s neither the newspaper nor the photograph , but this woman and the ideology she transmit that we must condemn .
This system is not sustainable and will end up in a laughing stock .
The only way to stop this system is revolution .
Since the economy seems to go into rift , big companies have benefited enormously from their employees .
They have managed to convince their employees that they have a chance to have a job and that they can &apos;t afford to increase salaries , while at the same time they have given even higher salaries to the small elite at the top .
You are right , it &apos;s not sustainable , but it will only change in that country when the workers really speak with one voice .
Instead of shooting and mumping when someone else makes the strike , support them , show a little solidarity and understand that their strike does not only concern their problems , but also shows your employer that we don &apos;t get people with impunity .
Except if we abandon democracy , in which case , if , it &apos;s tempable .
I totally agree .
The only thing you forgot is that British and American companies sold our industry and now our services to countries where social and environmental conditions are the worst .
Like for example China and India .
All of this can &apos;t end well .
It &apos;s because we &apos;re in a democracy that it held .
Did you vote for the TTIP ?
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) aims to increase the profits of companies held by these people by bypassing national governments by secret courts .
It seems incredible , but it &apos;s exactly what the mechanism for settling differences between investors and states ( ISDS ) proposed by the agreement .
The Greens are against this project and try to alert people about the unimaginable damage this agreement will have on our lives .
It &apos;s only recently that we are starting to talk about it in the media : Independent Guardan Development Movement so look at these links and you will understand what is being negotiated in your back .
Churchill did not say &quot; blood , sweat and tears &quot; ?
These are excellent effects , while digital money has no reason to fall and even less to push on the trees .
The next weak link will probably be the car market .
This gentleman is right , in XVIII there were unions in all the regulations .
In the very French Catholic army , there is a sacrificial dimension .
Leave it ( finally , its officers , others , no one knows nothing ) believe themselves the strong coffin of the eternal values of France , and it will fight and close .
And then with the decline of the country , globalization , Europe , the crisis of values , in short : dissolution of the idea of Nation , having this little relic is comforting .
Even if for her , it &apos;s becoming increasingly uncomfortable ...
They still lack the semblance of married men , calibraries , married women , calibraries , dogs lost and I don &apos;t know what to do yet .
If you don &apos;t write the French correctly , I union myself .
You &apos;re warned , it will be your fault .
For the defence of vested interests , we already have enough of the protected professions with unions , which has created a breakdown of equality with other citizens .
We are asked not to laugh about the fear of risk by an official .
We can very well imagine a system that ensures a certain freedom of expression without unions , or then without the right to strike like in Germany , in exchange for the protection they enjoy .
Otherwise , a guaranteed disaster .
And with the charts preparing , the government congratulates itself .
What security are you talking about ?
Ignorance indeed ...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I referred to the soldiers and other civil servants , since it &apos;s the subject here commented ...
Submit &quot; by the intermediary of his delegates &quot; in Article 8 of the 1946 constitution .
It will become : &quot; 8 .
Every worker participates in the collective determination of working conditions and the management of companies . &quot;
This is absolutely necessary with the burst of informative power .
And yet you opened , probably read and commented on a specific article entitled &quot; The Great British Bake Off &quot; ? ? ? ? ? ?
Wait , the section was there , completely empty .
I thought we had to launch the conversation .
Anyway , it &apos;s the marriage of Joffrey that I watched , and I can tell you that some have been well assisted .
In the Joffrey marriage episode we have one of the best moments ( although misleading : it was wine ) in the history of television .
Also , from the pie mmmh ...
Lady of Thrones !
I love GBBO !
It &apos;s the second time in a row that , strangely , the show ends with a victory for the least worst baker ; no one did like &quot; boom , you &apos;re my cake now and get to front your master &quot; !
Maybe the additional pressure of friends and parents outside has finally had an effect for them ?
In previous weeks , all these external people were kept apart .
And there is also this idea of &quot; playing security , there &apos;s still next week &quot; who disappears the last week .
I like cooking but I don &apos;t imagine meting out that .
I am grateful to those who do it and thus offer us super entertainment and make us try new things .
Come on for GBBO 2015 !
I agree , the last challenge of last year , the marriage pie , was absurd .
Professionals usually make days to do them and they had to cook one in 3-4 hours .
The three challenges were really hard to share , I don &apos;t know how they could choose a victor .
In Luis , the only real default they could find was the slightly dry basis ( even though I agree with Hollywood that the green icing on the Richard min didn &apos;t incite , anyway , Richard had already lost at that time ) .
I have to admit that several challenges in this series seem a little artificial because of the time available .
There is also the cancer that guys , with solar blows .
Undoubtedly , all of us are succeeding at the moment .
A bad time for humanity , we hope .
You &apos;re confusing solar and ultraviolet radiation .
UV is blocked mainly by the ozone layer that is formed precisely by the impact of solar wind particles and UV .
So even if the magnetic field was weakening , there would not be enough solar wind to &quot; hunt &quot; the stratosphere of the stratosphere .
There would be even more , and therefore less UV and &quot; cancer &quot; .
Luckily , the ozone-layer does not block UV .
They have a lot of useful functions that you don &apos;t suspect .
If we limit ourselves to man , they have the interest of allowing us to have bones ( synthesis of Vitamin D ) , to heat us ( less than the Infrarouges ) , to modulate our immune system and , apparently , to improve our morale .
The layer of ozone-depleting the UVC is blocked and the UVA and most of the UVA are blocked .
You know that you don &apos;t have to be condescended and look at your interlocutor as a stay when you make a comment ?
Especially for a minor precision that was underheard in the comment , which himself intends to display pedagogy .
Without saying that I &apos;m a used of melanoma , UV only makes ACCLER its development .
They don &apos;t do it PROVOVO .
For proof : all people bronzated don &apos;t necessarily have melanomes .
Either , when you tell you that you have to avoid sun and live in the background of a cellar , it &apos;s better not to listen because UV is necessary for every human person .
The excess , on the other hand , it &apos;s like everything : it kills .
But for other reasons .
UV directly causes melanoma .
Can we give it to it ?
And , most important , can we switch it to the mix ?
or switch it to the mix ...
I think that the majority of those interested have established that everything can be plaked if we apply it to a sufficient force and the robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable , for the use it is intended to use .
I think that the army would need something more resistant and therefore has not yet adopted the iPhone6 as communications equipment in front line .
But for us ,
It &apos;s still a good choice .
The majority of those interested in it have established that everything can be done if there is a sufficient force .
Except for a Nokia 3310 .
More precisely , is he already boring ?
We &apos;re doing this joke in every discussion .
I decided to count them .
It &apos;s the fourth joke about the plaage I read in the comments today .
It &apos;s hard to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that .
Before we install specific software , you imagine that the phone has been removed from the main production chain and we can &apos;t see how it could come back .
So , hmmmmmmmmo
The most likely is that it &apos;s a production unit on which iOS has not been installed properly and which is therefore stuck with the factory code installed .
I don &apos;t know at all how they do these things .
But would they put test software on all ?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the lack of FCC or CE logo and the presence of a red link of prototype .
Well , the article for bobo par excellence .
We want products that are cheap and we &apos;re surprised that industrialists produce in &quot; industrial companies . You can super u super u , but all the teaching and the small business are concerned how to complete good , bio avac 1650 € ( average salary in france ) ?
But to answer your post , if it &apos;s possible to eat properly with a little salary .
After all , everyone is free to put his priorities where he sees him .
For my part , food is one .
Go without rancle , I &apos;m embroiling you
We call it bobos or better boblolos , people who see the world through an ideological &quot; software &quot; that leads them to disconnect the realities .
It &apos;s the total unbundling .
They are experts in posturing , for example claim to save the planet because they avoided taking a shower .
They are also experts in taritance , joining the left-cake , which they sometimes come from , for example by condemning CO2 emissions while leaving their holidays to the Maldives .
The vast majority of our citizens do not support this mix of ideology that is cumbersome and tarnished as well . Also , do not be surprised to meet with criticism about them often .
Wah , thank you for this complete and exhaustive theorization and for all the associated details ( plane , shower ... ) .
I &apos;d like to be part of it but I don &apos;t find it .
The concept is not that complicated .
The boblolos are monobloc .
Did you understand the concept of left--caviar ?
And you are able to understand the concept of the boboeclo .
It &apos;s the perfect copy with just an ideological nuance .
The classifications would be more complicated if we were interested in eco-los all short .
Boboecolo is part of it but only represents the most visible part of the ecolos because it &apos;s the one that infers the media .
This is a nice girarah .
Apparently , no one wants to watch this girarafe face to face .
She is so badly done that she looks vaguely like a woman .
Hit , you are next to the plate .
You need to be part of the microcosm of art to understand the amazing beauty of truth about this work .
But you simply have no legitimacy to make a comment because you have not spent many decades studying and flattering big artists .
The important thing is not that Emiin doesn &apos;t know how to design and seems always obsessed with the same subject .
The important thing is that she really managed to become angry and famous and famous with no artistic capacity .
It &apos;s * art * .
No , it &apos;s cochon .
The fact that Eumin doesn &apos;t know how to design
This is not really a fact .
It &apos;s rather an opinion .
Except if the only thing you can appreciate are realistic reproductions of dogs that smoke while playing a billard .
Judging art can be problematic , but not in that case .
Deinding , it &apos;s much more than representing the real .
If you &apos;re only looking for it , a photo machine will do the business .
The author also talks about the expresism of Emiin .
Look again and let the image speak for itself , without comparing it to the kind of design you might prefer .
If it &apos;s so easy , why do you not do it yourself ?
There &apos;s still some savings to be made : equistation activities , the number of horses of the republican custody or the status of general people who are no longer in an active service ....
The ( honesty forced to say that France diminishes its workforce , but as all the countries have done , sometimes even more drastically , starting with Great Britain .
It &apos;s only half encouraging ...
The operation without the support , it quickly finds its limits !
A singular approach , at a time when we are seeing the weaknesses , the inadequacy of our defence tool , especially in the Sahel .
A bad thing for the local authorities concerned , who lose a dimension of their activities , even part of their history .
Where is the sanctuary promised ?
@ edmond : that &apos;s what I was saying , look elsewhere where to save but not at home , at home at home , it &apos;s really not possible ...
That &apos;s exactly what you propose to do , look elsewhere where waste is certain .
That all those who have lived with the military thing little or less dare to say here , the eyes in the eyes that there is no money wasted in this perimeter and this without shit out of shit ...
Whether we apply the same amount to the entire civil service and public finances will go a little better .
And for Joi : really relax : look at public job inflation in the other departments and you will understand why the Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense ( Defense Defense Agency ) can feel a little responsible !
Well yes , the savings on which everyone agrees that they need to be done , must it be seen somewhere , no ?
Lack of pot , those on whom it falls . When it happens at home , the poor Chers .
We should do it but above all I don &apos;t get it because , in this case , it &apos;s a crime and not an economy .
Guvils , go !
How to close Val de Grace will weaken our defence tool in the Sahel ?
As for the local authorities , history repeats itself at every closure of the post , maternity , hospital , camera .
But everyone is for the savings of course .
It &apos;s weird , a UMP mayor who wants compensation and doesn &apos;t look forward to savings made in public spending .
This article is really the most astounding thing I have ever read !
This awkward moment when the first three people who comment make the same bad joke .
It &apos;s the depression to challenge her Facebook thread and see that 80 % of his friends started their statutes with the phrase &quot; this awkward moment &quot; .
I think they &apos;ll make a movie .
He will surely be basing himself on hilarious scenes where someone falls by chance on his ex in the bus going to work and only realises where his skirt has come back into his trouser .
It &apos;s not embarrassing , it &apos;s completely stupid .
Not really , in my opinion , the author takes the role of the typical British man who has always learned to burn his emotions and shake his teeth .
I &apos;m sure if you are a Kate Bush fan , the announcement of his return on scene after 25 years of absence was something strong .
You &apos;re aware that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to know who will have the rights ?
I don &apos;t have &quot; the internet &quot; .
So I don &apos;t think I can comment .
Not having a computer .
My god , I have to see this movie before dying !
I can &apos;t believe how much this article is the most incredible thing I have ever read !
Charlie has just shown that he is at the top of the top of the cosmic universe that is satirical journalism !
I &apos;m turning it off !
I absolutely need to share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so that they finally have illumination and discover the incredible megur and insurmountable genius that lies in Mr Brooker &apos;s keyboard as a divine light .
Good luck , it was really no .
Especially if it &apos;s not women or the travails .
I &apos;m a parasite .
This shows a positive evolution within democracy : the rise of regional policies and effective community initiatives .
Until a new order , we confiscate the right to save our planet by states that play the tardiness at every meeting to save the planet .
So we decide , citizens , to take things in hand .
With the Commissioner they have worked for energy , all these nice recommendations have been stolen ....
Trust : Eoligans and firm solves are tomorrow &apos;s Rond points .
All of this is financed by con- tribes .
I beg you to stop this pro-nuclear discourse .
Pollution is not limited to CO2 .
The radioactivity is much more harmful in terms of its waste and in the event of an accident .
As long as the sector is not fully controlled , it is better to limit ourselves to laboratories .
Renewable energy is our only salvation , provided of course that our consumption is drastically reduced .
Renewable electricity to fight CO2 emissions ?
France is not in any way affected .
Nuclear power is zero CO2 emissions to production and epsion for other steps .
Electricity by wind or PV renewable electricity is already more than GES on the other steps and especially gas , or worse of coal like in Germany , to compensate for the intermitability .
Replacing nuclear power by wind or PVV would run counter to the fight against CO2 .
Christianity I don &apos;t insult you , I &apos;m a State Doctor in physical sciences . 1981 I did nuclear physics research . I challenge you to prove contrary to what I said .
For what I didn &apos;t say it &apos;s you who lend me ideas I did not say anything about Germany . Nothing in fact did you answer what I was saying and as all the right-wing people demolish the interlocutor I never do it .
I also quote you experts mandated by the German Government : Germany &apos;s current program of renewable energy sources is a non-profitable and inefficient way to reduce GES emissions and should be stopped .
0 if you don &apos;t count the extraction of uranium and construction and if you don &apos;t count the vapam vapour of less effect than Co2 , it &apos;s true that two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power station is part of water and a little in the water . Les .
I stopped reading when you talked about Pakistan as a &quot; giant of South Asia &quot; ... ! !
Last time , Pakistan won against Hundue .
It doesn &apos;t surprise me , most Indians who ask comments do not want to read and comment only on articles against Pakistan .
Actually , it shows your state of mind .
It would have been the same if they had qualified the India of giant South Asia ...
I have nothing against the fact that some Pakistani players participate , but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable .
It would simply open a Pandora &apos;s box full of corruption and mafia .
As for the ISL , today &apos;s opening match has been surprisingly interesting , the Athletico of Kolkata imposing 3-0 against Mumbai .
Pakistan still has a long way to go .
Comparing the billions and billions that India spends on IPL and now in soccer , how could we one day rival our &quot; noisy neighbors ... &quot;
The race at the Low Cost pays camera .
It &apos;s a shame for such a beautiful project .
For the accident , the possible design default only manifests itself with a cold helm .
So maybe we &apos;re not in a design default , but with implementation ...
Contrary to the ariantism that is a private company , it seems that soyouz belongs to the Russian state ...
And if the rule is the same as the state is its own insurer ..
They &apos;ll be able to pay the satellites in a frigate who knows ..
This is all the more annoying because many media take over the articles alone - and many readers only retain these titles .
All in all , it creates a false impression that is contrary to the content of the article itself .
completely agree with you , the title is not appropriate , it unjustly calls into question the project when it &apos;s only a launcher problem .
