Spectakular jumps in "Wingfollow" above Bogota
The sports sportsman Jhonathan Florez jumped on Thursday of a helicopter above Bogota, the capital of Colombia.
Asked by a wader (a love combination of wings), he spent at 160 km / h above the famous Monserratis sine, located more than 3 000 meters altitude, where many badds had gathered to observe his exploit.
A black box in your car?
While the planners of the United States road network have trouble finding the money to repair the motorway infrastructure in decitude, many people see a solution in the form of a small black box that sets itself above the board of your car.
The devices, which all record a car car and pass on information to civil servants, are at the center of a controversial attempt in Washington and in the government planning offices to rework the obsolete system of financing the main American roads.
The sector generally without planning interest of major axes suddenly caused a very lively debate and hectic alliances.
The libertarian ones have joined environmentalist groups to press for the government to use small boxes to keep track of the mine you're talking about, and perhaps of the road on which you are circulating, and then use the information to draft a tax law.
The Tea Party is landed.
The American Civil Liberty Union is also very concerned and express its concern about the protection of privacy.
And while the members of Congress fail to agree to know if you need to continue, several states didn't wait.
They are looking for how, over the next decade, they will be able to move to a system allowing drivers to pay according to the number of miles traveling.
Thousands of drivers have already bothered these black boxes, sometimes equipped with a system of surveillance by GPS, for an experimental defect.
This is really necessary for our nation.
"It's not as if we had the choice", said Hasan Ikhrata, director general of the Southern California Association Association, which states that the state is starting to record the miles traveled by each Californian car driver by 2025..
There will be change in the way we pay these taxes.
The technology is there to do it.
The pressure comes from the fact that the Highway Trust Fund of the country, financed with the taxes that Americans pay for the pump, is financially dry.
Americans no longer buy as much gasoline as before.
Cars can travel more with a gallon with a gallon.
The federal tax itself, which is 18.4 cents per gallon, has not increased for 20 years.
Politicians are reticent about increasing the tax, even of 1%, while the prices of petrol are high.
"The gasoline tax is simply not sustainable", said Lee Munnich, a transport policy specialist at Minnesota University.
His state recently installed tracers out of 500 cars to test a mine payment system.
"This turns out to be the most logical alternative in the long term," he said.
Wonks calls it charges for using mileage.
It's not surprising that the idea seduced by the liberals, since taxes could be used to change driving habits so as to help reduce traffic jams and gas emissions, for example.
California's planners are interested in the system because they develop strategies to achieve the goals set out in the State's ambitious laws on climate change.
But the representative Bill Susster (R-Pa), president of the Transport Committee of the House of representatives, said that he also saw him as the most viable alternative in the long term.
The supporters of the free market of the Reasson Foundation also appreciate the idea of making drivers pay for mine.
"It's not just a tax is engulfed in a big black hole" said Adrian Moore, the deputy president of the politics at the Reasson Foundation.
People pay more directly for the benefits that are given to them.
The movement is also supported by two former American secretaries in Transports who, in a 2011 report, called on Congress to go along the path of payment to the mine.
The American Senate approved a pilot project of 90 M $last year that would have been about 10 000 cars.
But the presidency of the House killed the proposal, responding to the concerns of rural lawmakers representative of voters who have to travel from many miles to their work or city.
Several states and large cities nevertheless make progress on their side.
The most specific is Oregon, which has mobilized 5 000 drivers to carry out the most important experience in the country.
These drivers will soon pay the State for mileage fees instead of taxes on gasoline.
The Nevada has already completed a pilot project.
New York City is considering one.
Illinois is trying a test on a limited number of trucks.
And the I-95 coalition, which includes 17 agencies involved in road transport in states along the east coast of America (including Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Florida) study how she could implement the change.
The concept is not a universal success.
In the Nevada, where about 50 voluntary car drivers recently equipped their car with a device, drivers were worried that the government could follow their little facts and gesture.
"The concerns about Big Brother and this kind of thing are a big problem", said Alauddin Khan, who heads the strategic management of performance in the Nevada Department department.
It's not something people want.
From the beginning of the test, the ACLU of Nevada warned her site: "It would be relatively easy to transform these devices into localization devices in its own right."
There is no need to build an enormous and cumbersome technological infrastructure that will inevitably be broadened to maintain the recording of people's daily breeds.
The Nevada is one of the few states that are now struggling to find an affordable technology that would allow the state to know how many miles it takes a car, but without knowing where or the exact time.
If we can do that, added Khan, the citizens will be more comfortable.
The search for this technology has led some State agencies to call on a small start-up of California for the name of Tue Mileage.
Originally, society did not go to help car drivers who pay taxes to the states.
She was trying to penetrate into the emerging market of auto insurance, where drivers would pay according to their mileage.
But the devices she test have please the planners of the major axes because they don't use GPS and provide a limited amount of information, downloaded periodically by modem.
"People will be more prone to do that if you don't record speed and don't locate them", said Ryan Morrison, Managing Director of Tue Mileage.
Big mistakes have been made in the pilot programmes of certain states.
There are much less expensive means and much less intrusive methods.
In Oregon, the planners try the experience by offering motorists different choices.
They can choose a device with or without GPS.
They can still choose not to have any device at all, preferring instead to pay for a package based on the average number of miles traveling by all the residents of the State.
Other states hope to sell the concept to suspicious citizens by allowing equipment to do more, rather than not enough.
In New York City, transport officials are trying to develop a tax device that would also be equipped to pay parking fees, provide "driving payment for driving" and create a set of data on real speed from the other drivers that drivers could use to avoid emblems. Try illuminating.
"motorists would be encouraged to participate because of the benefits the system offers them", indicated a document on urban planning.
However, some transport planners wonder if the whole debate about payment to the mine is not just a huge diversion.
To the Commission Metropolitan Transportation of the San Francisco area, those responsible say that the Congress could very simply manage the Highway Trust Trust Fund by increasing taxes on petrol.
An additional single or annual tax could be imposed on hybrid vehicle drivers and on others whose vehicles do not consume a lot of petrol, so that everyone pays their fair share.
"It's not necessary to use a radical surgery when you simply have aspirin," said <unk> y Renschler, the director of legislation and public affairs with the committee.
If we do that, hundreds of millions of drivers will worry about the protection of their privacy and a lot of other things.
David Boie: four meats in eavesse
The English musician has not ended up surtaking this year.
From The Next Day, published in January, he concocted a luxury edition planned for November 4, with several meats.
Four have already emerged on the Tole.
The announcement of the appearance of a new album from David Boie left everyone out.
The day of his 66th birthday on 8 January 2013, he said that a new album would come out in March.
After 10 years of silence (the last disc, Reality, date of 2003) and too few cases in public, the English musician showed that we could still count on him to make the pop scene.
A festin for his fans
Not tired of surprises, David Boie had more of a turn in his bag with The Next Day.
The Thin White has thus planned to republish this album on November 4.
For the occasion, he concocted a real festival for his fans.
This edition, entitled The Next Day Extra, will be presented in the form of three discs: the original album, novel studio sessions and reixes, as well as a DVD containing the four cliches already unveiled.
The Next Day will contain a total of ten additional titles compared to the original album: the three pieces of the Deluxe edition, five songs specially unveiled for the occasion, as well as two remnants.
David Boie, moreover, made presentations of this nice cofft in a video.
He introduces both records, but also the accessories provided with: exclusive photos and pochettes, a net to share his own impressions, a shit with the words...
And, above all, he gives a foretaste of his new title. Atomica, typically in The Next Day's vein, with guys very much advanced and rock electricity sorely under control.
Inedges already in eavesdropping
But Atomica is not the only title to unveil his weapons.
The Informing, Like A Rocket Man, Born In A UFO are also available on the web.
The Informing is in double face: an worrisome intriner before a cavalcade cavalcade that is slowly slowing down and leaving room for a pop.
On Like A Rocklet Man, did he want to make a little reference to Rocklet Man's Man of Elton John, or even to Gravity?
With this title, the singer seems at least in his element when he no longer has his feet on earth.
Space Oddity, on the other hand, was much more serious.
On Born In A UFO, David Boie once again makes reference to his stranglehold: will he come from another planet?
Adffers of guita, envoys who are encroached, want to leave the Earth.
In any case, we like to play a burgeon with these titles. These titles: turn around informer, man on board a rocket, Martian potential...
It conceals and reveals at the same time, plays to adopt different personalities, as he did throughout his career, especially with his characters Ziggy Stardust and Aladd Sane.
No wonder he has a hand in the photograph of the campaign L'Inviitation in the Vage, the brand Louis Vuitton, whose new face he embodies.
He will appear in one of their advertising spots, broadcast from 10 November.
The Defense Minister, Rochson, insisted that the injured soldiers were not summoned by Canadian armed Forces, and stressed that a transition process was followed by all soldiers before their return to civil life.
Attacked by liberals and neo-democrats in the House of Commons, Mr Nicholson assured that before their release, the members of the army followed a transition plan in collaboration with their superiors.
All injured soldiers receive appropriate care for their return to civil life and none of them is released before being ready, he said.
Critics accuse the government of wanting to save money by not allowing injured soldiers - who do not meet the rule of "the universality of the service" of the army demanding that staff be able to carry out a series of varied tasks - to reach the 10-year admissibility period required for the benefits of the army. retirement.
They cited two cases reported by La Presse Canadian, including the one of a soldier released last Friday.
Comal David Hawkins, a reservist from London, Ontario, reached post-traumatic stress syndrome, has been freed from the army despite its request to stay a year more so that it can receive a fully indexed pension.
His case came after that of Corporal Glen Kirge, who told a parliamentary commission last month that he was pushed toward the exit before being ready because he didn't answer the rule of universality of service.
Mr Hawkins pointed out that a soldier could be prepared to leave, with plans and consultation sessions, but that it was completely different than wanting to leave the ranks.
"I told them that I was not ready", he said during an interview with La Presse Canadian Wednesday.
I asked for months if there was a way for me to stay, and they said no.
Since the beginning of major fighting in Afghanistan, the army is struggling to determine which latitude it can give to wounded soldiers who want to stay in the ranks, but who are not fit to fight.
According to the current rules, the seriously injured soldiers have up to three years to recover.
If they don't meet the criteria for deployment abroad, they can be forced to leave the army.
Data presented last year in Parliament indicate that among the 1218 soldiers released for medical reasons, 199 had not reached the service period required for pension benefits.
The liberal spokesperson for former combatants, Jim Karygiannis, asked for the reintegration of the Corporal Hawkins on Wednesday, while the neo-democratic Jack Harris called for the immediate end of "this shameful practice."
Disney put on the tablet to launch an animated series
The American media and entertainment group decided to give priority to tablets on its own television channels for the next release of a new series for children.
The first nine episodes of Sheriff is Callied s Wild West will be available from 24 November on the site watchDisneyjunior.com or via its application for telephones and tablets.
His global launch on the Disney group channels is planned only in 2014, details the communiqué of his Disney Divide division.
The animated design, destined for children from 2 to 7 years old, tells the adventures of the Chitte Callie, sheriff of a city in the west American where she makes order with a magical lasso.
Each episode includes two stories of 11 minutes.
"Interact with smartphones and tablets is a second nature for children today", commented on Albert Cheng, vice president for digital products with Disney / ABC Television Group, cited in the communiqué.
This kind of experience is part of Disney's efforts to "expand the life of its series and build new relations with its public thanks to digital platforms that are increasingly important", added.
A survey published at the beginning of this week by the Commission. Sense Media showed an explosion of the use of mobile devices by young children in the United States: 38% of less than 2 years old have already served a tablet or phone, and 72% less than 8 years old, compared to 10% and 38% respectively. Two years ago.
Snowden is ready to "cooperation" with Germany on the question of American surveillance.
Edward Snowden, the whistle-blower of American intelligence services, said he was ready to go to Berlin to testify before the German parliament if the National Security Agency of the United States and its director Keith Alexander were not providing answers on their activities.
The German deputy, Hans-Christian Stöbele, met on Thursday Mr Snowden in Russia, where he benefits from the right of asylum, to discuss his testimony in Germany.
In a letter that the deputy presented to the media in Berlin Friday, Mr Snowden said: "Although the result of my efforts has obviously been positive, my government continues to treat the difference of opinion as a leak and seeks to penalize political discourse with accusations against which it is impossible to defend itself."
However, to tell the truth is not a crime.
In his letter, Mr Snowden wrote that he thought the support of the international community could persuade the American government to give up criminal charges against him.
In the context of the complaint lodged by the American Ministry of Justice, he is accused of spying and theft of state property.
Hans-Peter Friedrich, Minister of the German Interior, said in Zedit Online: "If Mr Snowden is ready to talk to the German officials, we will make it possible."
relations between the United States and Germany were tested following complaints according to which the NSA had put on the phone phone from German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Thomas Ophotn, the deputy head of the parliamentary group supervised by the foreign secret services, said that if there was a chance to listen to Mr Snowden as a witness "without putting him in danger and completely ruining relations with the United States", it had to be taken advantage of.
Mr Stöbele, a German MEP, has published a photo of him with Mr Snowden on his Twitter account.
During his visit to Russia, he was accompanied by two German journalists.
Mr Stöbele said that, according to the lawyer of the former NSA consultant, Mr Snowden could not go back to Russia if he left the country.
If Mr Snowden testified in Germany, you should give him the assurance he would be in "security" there, said the deputy.
Mr Snowden wrote in his letter that he had been the subject of a "serious and sustained persecution" that forced him to leave his country.
However, he said that he was encouraged by the global reaction to "my act of political expression".
Citizens all over the world as well as high officials – including in the United States – thought that the revelation of an inexplicable system of permanent surveillance was of public use.
The letter puts forward a offer of cooperation with the German authorities "when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been solved."
Cogeco Cable could soon offer interactive TV
Cogeco subscribers could well have access to applications like Facebook, Twitter and ultimate video service on request Netflix via their television in a future that doesn't seem that far away.
Cogeco subsidiary indicated Thursday that it is currently carrying out preliminary tests in the beta version of this platform with some of its users.
"This will allow us to value more user-friendly interfaces as well as more options", explained the president and head of the management of Cogeco, Louis Audlet, in meetings.
Cogeco Caster is similar to his competitors, like Bell, even if the subsidiary of Cogeco does not yet have a precise date regarding this new platform.
"We need to adapt and change or resist change and fail", pointed out Mr Audet.
The ultimate goal is still to offer tools to which our clients do not currently have access.
The telecoms giant Rogers has already indicated that he could offer Netflix if some technical details, which were not mentioned, could be settled.
In the United States, the popular service service says being in discussions with some major distributors so that its service is available via their distribution platforms.
The P.out.g. de Coececo and Cogeco Caster also welcomed the announcement made by the Harper government during his speech at the Trorine on October 16.
Ottawa wants to force TV and satellite TV providers to offer customers the opportunity to pay services at the card.
"It's about two and a half years since we say that the idea of forcing consumers to buy important channels of channels, it doesn't work", said Mr Audet.
It hopes, however, that the consultations conducted by the Canadian Council of Telecom and Telecommunications (CRTC) will result in interesting recommendations.
"He will have to emerge from these discussions a new frame of reference to define our new Canadian cultural policy in relation to television", said the P.below .g. de Coececo.
The CRTC has held consultations with the public since last week and they should continue with industry next week.
On the results side, Coececo indicated having a net benefit of 43.8 million in the fourth quarter, or 82 <unk> per action.
This is a retrograde step compared to the net benefit of 44.9 million, or 83 per action, of the same period last year.
The company established in Montreal explains this step backwards with depreciation costs linked to new acquisition.
Cogeco acquired in 2012 the Atlantic Brosland cable, established in the United States, for $1.36 billion.
It was the first major acquisition of the company after the company's failure.
Last December, show society also bought Peer Peer 1 Networks, an Internet provider established in Vancouver, for the sum of 526 million.
As for Cogeco's income, they experienced 41.5% growth in the fourth quarter to reach 504.7 million million.
They are 1.8 billion for the current financial year.
The net benefit of its main subsidiary, Cogeco Cable, was 43.9 million, or 90 hours per action, declining compared to 45.7 million, or 93 <unk> per action, last year last year.
Cogo income, however, grew by 45% to reach 470.4 million.
The company lost 15 237 clients in the fourth quarter.
However, for the 2013 financial year, the number of Cogeco clients is rising 5546.
Mr Audet is not worried about the number of customers changing in this way.
For me, it's not an indication of a change of trend, he observed.
It varies from one quarter to the other with very high competition.
From horse to beef products.
Hey meat has been found in canning boxes of beef products sold by two small British teachers of low-cost distribution, today announced the food hygiene agency.
routine tests revealed that products drawn up in January in Romania and sold by the channels Homy Barsir and Quality Save were content with the DNA of 1 to 5%.
"Since horse meat is not mentioned in the list of ingredients, she should not have been present in the product", explained the British agency.
A scandal about the presence of horse meat in cooking dishes broke out in Europe at the beginning of the year, following tests carried out in Ireland.
According to examinations by the European Commission, France has been the country most affected by the presence of this type of meat in products that are supposed to contain only beef.
A collision between two vehicles wounded four people, early Friday, on the 131 road, in Lanaudière.
Shortly before 4h, a car driver who was moving north, in Saint-Felix-de Valois, lost his mastery of his vehicle and coffed a car that arrived in the other direction.
The four occupants of the two vehicles were wounded, but they didn't fear for their lives.
The traffic was back to normal at 6, Friday.
Frontier Airlines plans to make baggage pay for hand baggage
Frontier Airlines plans to make up to $100 for passengers carrying hand baggage on his flights.
Frontier Airlines plans to start making up to $100 for a hand baggage and $2 for a coffee or a soda, although in his announcement Wednesday, she said that passengers could take the unopen cante with them to the downfall of the plane.
New hand baggage costs concern the bags that are in the higher compartment, so the small bags installed under the siege will always be free.
Bans said that she would make $25 if the fees were paid in advance and $100 if travellers only paid once at the door of boarding.
The spokesman for Frontier, Kate O O O'Malley said that $100 were planned to incite travelers to pay the costs in advance.
"We don't want to make this price pay," she explained.
Airlines started making the first and second luggage registered in 2008.
Passengers who tried to avoid these expenses would put as many things as they could in the hand luggage row in superior compartments, so there was often no room in these compartments.
These expenses are a way to ensure that passengers transport fewer things on board.
OO Malley said these new costs will not really be used to collect money.
It's a question of making the most loyal clients understand that it's becoming more and more difficult to find room in superior compartments.
Passengers who buy their ticket on the company's site will not have to pay.
For example, a passenger queuing at a boarding door door could transport a bag free, while the next person in the tail could have to pay $100 for a similar bag.
OO Malley explained that the site and the recording procedures of Frontier are changing to ensure that passengers know the existence of these expenses before coming to the door.
Frontier luggage fees will not be applied before the summer, although no date has been set.
Passengers often run on baggage fees and other expenses, but the airlines love them.
They think that the costs of handling baggage are important and that passengers who want this service should pay it.
Many people on Wall Street see the addition of baggage fees as a sign that the airlines are making enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses.
Yet many of them didn't hit baggage fees.
Spirit Airlines. had applied the first baggage fees three years ago, and the low-cocot Allegiant company followed a little later.
The only other company imposing such expenses is the Hungarian company Wizz Air, said the consultant with air companies Jay Sorensen, which closely follows the fees.
He estimated, in a December 2011 report, that Spirit's hand fees reported $50 M per year.
Sorensen, a former Midwest Airline framework, recently traveled on Spirit and wondered what he was going to find at the boarding door when passengers would discover the unusual luggage fees imposed by the company.
"I had never seen such a fluid boarding procedure as all my professional career", he said.
I expected to see teeth and a baggard burst at the door.
The plane was full, he added, "passengers are on board at the speed of the light".
Frontier also acts like Spirit and applies $2 for a coffee, a tea, a soda or fruit juice.
Frontier has indicated that passengers who take a soda or fruit juice can take the cante unopen with them, and those who take coffee can be served free of charge.
It will always distribute water free.
US Airways briefly tried to make drinks pay for drinks in 2008 but came back seven months later after passengers complained and while no other large airline had followed.
The decision of the Frontier to make hand luggage fees when passengers do not buy their ticket directly with the airline is his last effort to encourage clients to go on his website.
Airlines pay for online travel sellers like Orbitz 10 to $25 for each ticket sold.
This encouraged all the airlines to encourage passengers to buy directly with them instead of talking to an online travel agency.
However, Frontier has gone further in this area.
In September, she started to offer only half of fidelity to customers who buy their ticket via an online travel agency.
Wednesday, she reduced the mix premiums by 25% on a trip.
For example, a Frontier trip to an online travel agency purchased from an online travel agency would make it possible to win 250 miles.
It also allows passengers to choose their seat in advance only if they buy their ticket directly on the Frontier site.
Frontier has a loyal client in his home city, Denver, but his activity is declining and she loses money.
The recipes have fallen by 9% and its flight capacity has decreased by almost 13% in the first quarter, according to the financial results published by its parent company, Republic Airways holding Holdings.
Republic tried to get rid of Frontier's finances by selling the airline.
The NSA calls into question a "internal error" and not the hackers for its site.
The National Security Agency working in the shadows said Friday that it was a bunch that caused the breakdown of its public site for a few hours, not hackers, as some had claimed in line online.
"NSA.gov remained inaccessible for a few hours this evening because of an internal error that took place during a planned update", indicated the spying agency in a declaration by email.
The problem will be solved tonight.
The claims that the breakdown was due to a denial service attack [DSD] are false.
Earlier tonight, online servers of servers noted that the NSA site had been broken for at least 6 hours, and some users still cannot access the site.
Earlier, a NSA spokesman indicated in ABC News that the sensitive internal network of the agency was "not at all" compromise.
No classified information is in danger, explained the spokesman.
At least a group of online haacktivists claimed to be responsible for the NSA's failure by an attack DSD.
DSD attacks aim to flood a specific site until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses.
The cyber tactic is not very sophisticated and attacks are not destined to enter the internal network of the targeted system.
The NSA once secret, a time named the "No Such Agency", found itself under the spotlight and strongly criticized in recent months following a wave of revelations about its vast communications monitoring programs at national and abroad. - who are among the NSA secret files stolen from the agency and leaked by the former disenchanted NSA consultant, Edward Snowden.
This growing controversy around the agency caused a lot of speculation according to which tonight's accident was the result of a targeted cyber operation.
The Delta Centrta now closed
Delta Cinter-Ville has closed its doors on Thursday in Montreal, after 36 years of existence.
The investment fund that had the edifice sold it to promoters who will transform it into student homes.
Three hundred and fifty people were working at the hotel.
Among them, 200 have still not found a new job.
Delta promises not to let down his employees.
Employers came to meet employees directly there, we met with employees individually to evaluate their needs.
"This french will continue for the next six months", explains the regional director of the work relations of Hotel Delta, Felix Bisson.
The closure of the Delta comes in a very competitive hotel market.
The investment fund that had this builder had choices to make.
Either he reinvested in the building to continue to work, so there were investments of tens of millions while the competition is very ferocious, there are many new hotels that appeared in Montreal.
"Either he didn't sell it to someone else and it's what happened", explains Paul Arsenrat, the holder of the Car of tourism Transat to the School of Sciences of UQAM.
Other Montreal hotels will also be converted in the next few months, as the Crown Plaza will become a residence for older people.
Meanwhile, four hotel projects totalling almost 600 chambers will see the light of day in two years.
For Tota's CEO, "The project to buy Goodyear Amiens starts with zero employee".
Having thrown up it with french in January for the partial recovery of the Amens-North Goodyear site promised to close, Mauritius Taylor, the CEO of American typmaker Titan, is now declaring himself ready to save 333 jobs on 1 137 that counts. The factory.
Arnaud Monteburg, Minister of productive recovery, announced it on Monday 21 October.
Having given up on the plan to buy the factory in January, you come back today.
You had pronounced violent attacks and insults, talking about "so-called workers," who "work three hours" per day, "crazy" unions, aiming at CGT.
We don't understand this U-turn.
Is it to please Mr Monteburg?
I'm not trying to please anyone.
Except for my wife.
Mr Monteburg, is a charming young man trying to save some of the best paid industrial jobs.
If I wounded someone with my words, I am sorry.
But France has a high level of tax and unemployment as well.
Does the truth hurt you?
Seven hours a day when in other countries we work eight hours hindering France.
In India, in China and in many other countries, we work 10 to 12 hours per day.
But I have no prejudices about France.
What I see is a factory that produces good agricultural tyres, has good equipment, is located and has spaces to expand.
Why does Titan have so much need of this factory?
You don't need to buy this factory.
But, with a proper price and skilled workers, it's worth trying.
What kind of agreement do you expect between CGT and Goodyear?
If, since the closure of the factory, Goodyear had offered employees a good departure allowance, I think 100% of employees would have accepted it.
Now, imagine that Titan bought the closed factory at Goodyear.
So Titan could move the machines to Poland or any other country of the European Union that still has its own currency.
I think that Mr Monteburg knows this.
Well, he wants to keep the factory in Amiens with at least 333 well paid jobs.
Titan agrees to recruit some of the 1 200 current employees of Goodyear.
Also, Mr Monteburg needs a Titan engagement before trying to get the CGT to sit at the table with Goodyear.
The first step is that the CGT and Goodyear seal an agreement on the departure allowances for all employees.
So there will be no employees at the factory.
Mr Monteburg said that you were ready to guarantee these 333 jobs for four years.
Do you confirm it?
The only number I mentioned to the minister is 333.
I know he wants a four-year guarantee.
But, as I told you, the CGT and Goodyear must first agree on starting allowances.
If all employees accept them, the plan to buy the factory starts with zero employee.
How can we give guarantees of job duration when there are no employees left on the site?
If Mr Montebourg succeeds in getting the CGT and Goodyear to agree and Titan buy the factory, we intend to stay in Amiens-North more than four years ago.
The benefit of Bomblarer falling, while deliveries and orders of planes go backwards.
Bomlarer Inc, Canadian aircraft manufacturer and railway company, signalled a 15% fall in its net profit Thursday, under the pressure of a decrease in orders and deliveries of aircraft during the third quarter and contractual problems in its division.
Bomlardier, based in Montreal, has also not provided theft test data for all new CSeries or information to know if the plane will respect its ambitious calendar of commercial service before September.
After the inaugural flight of the test plane about a month and a half ago, it only stolen three times, and the question then asked if the test phase was on the right track.
The results did not match up to the forecast and the share price fell 8% on the Toronto stock market.
Cameron Doerksen, analyst in the National Bank Financial, lowered on Thursday his rating, moving from "overperformance" to "sector performance" because of the low growth potential of the stock exchange during the next quarter or the next two quarters.
"Although the fall in aircraft deliveries was largely anticipated, we are really disappointed by the profit margin in the Transport Didivision", declared Cameron Doerksen in a note to customers.
We think that Bomblarer will register new orders for her CSeries aircraft as the flying test program progresses.
However, if no new order is announced in the coming months, we expect the market to become more skeptical about the program.
Bomblarer hopes that the family of aircraft CSeries will be able to catapult it into the lower segment of a market today dominated by Boeing and Airbus.
The first test plane was unveiled in March and took away for the first time in September after months of delay.
But the number of firm orders for CSeries aircraft is modest until now. 177. It seems that potential buyers wait for the results of flight tests to validate the company's claims about energy efficiency and the potential for savings of the new line airliner.
At the moment, society recorded a total of 403 orders and purchasing obligations with 15 customers and operators.
Pierre Beaumust, president and head of the management, is convinced that Bomblarer will reach his goal of 300 firm orders before the commercial service of the first plane.
The leaders also reassured analysts and the media Thursday by telling them that the program was moving in line with the calendar.
"The test plane has not stayed in the ground longer than planned", said Mr. Beaumust at a telephone conference, adding that the ground tests and software updates were planned during the time when the plane was stopping.
Each manufacturer is planning differently.
We decided to take a first flight and to plan an update period, and that's what we did.
This will be repeated throughout the flight program.
The second of the five test planes should steal in the coming weeks, the others will follow shortly after, indicated society.
Yet analysts are skeptical about the fact that the first customer can steal a CSeries plane only 12 months after his inaugural flight.
Bomblarer has indicated that she was in the process of assessing the timescale of entry into service and will provide new information in the coming months.
"This slowness in flight flight - although apparently in line with the internal calendar of Bomblarer - reinforces our opinion that the entry into service will be relegated in the first quarter of 2015", said Mr. Doerksen.
In the third quarter closed on September 30, the net benefit of Bomblarer fell to $147 M, or 8 cents per action, compared to $172 M, or 9 cents per action, one year earlier.
The result by adjusted action has remained intact at 9 cents.
The income has slightly backslided from 4.2 to 4.1 Md.
Analysts expected a result of 10 cents per action and $4.56 Md income, according to Thomas Reuters I / B / E / E / S.
The fourth aerospace manufacturer in the world indicated that he had delivered 45 aircraft in the quarter, compared to 57 a year earlier.
Net orders fell to 26 aircraft, compared to 83 before.
The delay in the Aeronautics division represented $32.9 $until 30 September, which changed compared to 31 December of the previous year.
"In Aeronautics, the results were in line with our predictions, but the low number of orders and general market conditions were disappointing", said Mr. Beaumust.
Aeronautics income has fallen by 13% to $2 Md.
Bomlardier, the biggest railway manufacturer in the world, said that the income of this division had increased by almost 11% to 2.1 Md.
The order of order of the Trans-Sport division total $32.6 Md at 30 September, which is a small increase compared to 31 December of the previous year.
The margins of the Transport division have suffered from implementing problems concerning a few big contracts.
The leaders announced that new information would be provided during the fourth quarter.
Bomblarer's course, which also announced that Patrick Pichette, leader of Google Inc's financial management, would sit on the board of directors, has dropped from 8.5% to Canadian $4.83 on Thursday afternoon.
Brazil's company Embraer SA, third aerospace manufacturer in the world and competitor closest to Bomblarer, indicated Thursday a 10% decrease in its quarterly profit.
Two 323ologists of 23 and 27 years old were missing in a chasm under the Death of Crops since Thursday night, they learned on Friday with the rescue Spépeo of the Isère.
They were located this selfafternoon.
Both men, a crazy in practice and the other no, were on the ground on Thursday at 9.30 pm to carry out a cross from the Death of Class, located on the municipality of Saint-Pierre-de-Chartrous.
We were without any news since then, specified the same source.
"Spéleologists should have come out around 5h in the morning", said Thierry Larrebe, a technical adviser to the assistance organization.
Dozens of people on the ground
Some 20 securists, 10 civilian members of the French rescue office, as well as police, CARS and firefighters were there.
At the end of this afternoon this Friday, both spéméologists were located.
"It's another group of spéméologists who, having found them exhausted but in good health in the cavalier, passed on the information to one of the emergency teams engaged in the network" explains Le Dauphall.
The two soldiers at the 13th battalion of the Chassers alpine Chambéry, were found "exhausted but uninjured".
They lost in the network, went back to their steps waiting for the rescue, specified the prefecture.
Renourished, they should come out with the help of securists in the evening.
German journalists invited to flee Google and Yahoo
The German journalists' union has invited its members Thursday to stop using Google and Yahoo online services in the wake of new revelations about the activities of US and British intelligence services.
"The German Federation of Journalists recommends to journalists to avoid using search engines and Google and Yahoo messaging engines until again", she says in a communiqué.
She thinks "scandalous" the information from the Washington Post, according to which the National American Security Agency (NSA) and the UK Government Headquarters (GCHQ) have collected masses of information by infiltrating the international networks that allow both firms to synchronize Their servers.
"Research by journalists is as confidential as the details of their sources and the nature of their communications with them", added Michael Konken, the president of the union who claims 38,000 members.
Very repainted: a deputy asks for Brigitte's resignation.
Minister Brigitte's plan for "reconnecting" traffic lights in Brussels doesn't like everyone.
As a reminder, Brussels Minister Brussels has launched a test project on Thursday in the center of Brussels to repaint 16 poles of traffic lights in the region at yellow and blue colors from Brussels.
The goal is simultaneously "to increase security" and "the Brussels identity".
The idea is, in the long run, to re-paint all the traffic lights in Brussels, at an estimated cost of about one million euros.
But the blue chosen by the minister is "too blank", according to the Brussels deputy Emmanuel De Bock who talks about "Flemish" of the capital and demands the "resignation" of Brigitte groupings.
"No content to spend crazy money from Brussels in the faculty faculty operations of the Brussels Rregion," Brigitte Gégitte is continuing his future-fire operations in the Capitol. "Mr De Bock restores. In a communiqué.
After his taxis jaune-mangue-black, she finally repainted itself in jause-blue black blue in Brussels.
According to the honourable Member, there is now "no more difference of visuelism from Flanders and Brussels".
Brussels laws deserve better than seeing their money squandered by a minister CD & V itself that does the NVA program itself.
It's high time to stop the Trojan horse of Flanders.
"To remind you, Brigitte Groutwels was elected only with 2 245 votes or 0.5% of Brussels!", Mr De Bock concluded.
The Pont-B-Bucis porn.
Pont-de--Buis's Ecotax pork, around which a violent demonstration of opponents of this tax took place on Saturday morning, was dismantled Thursday morning.
Companies arrived on the spot shortly after 10 hours, and traffic on the national was hijacked in the aftermath.
The decision of dismantling, announced by the Prefecture of the Finistère Wednesday, was taken by the company EComv, manager of the pork.
This is the last of the three ecotaxes that are in the state to work in the department of Finistère, the other two having been dismantled or sabotaged.
Starting a by-shop for Google Glass
A online shop, offering multiple accessories to Google Glass, has just been made available for thousands of developers with a prototype of connected connected glasses. Google.
In this way, they can acquire a headphones, a charger, or even an assignment of a row.
This shop, strictly reserved for developers who already have Google Glass, proposes some accessories like a charger and its USB cable for $50.
For the same price, it is also possible to acquire a protection house manufactured in micro fibres or an intra-auriar headphones.
Although Google is currently working on a Google Glass model equipped with correct correctness, no marketing date on a large scale has yet been confirmed.
Five years ago, that my father erased from the world of live.
At the beginning I denied his death, I was talking about him at the present,
I had so scared of forgetting it or rather I didn't know how I was going to continue to "attend".
There is no recipe, mode of employment to go through the wall of the invisible and find them again.
Then there were signs.
The first time it was the very strong feeling of his presence on the passenger seat while I drive.
Another time, a shower in the middle of the night to watch his show who no longer leaves me, asked on the night table.
It's the image of my smiling father who accompanies me in my gesture on a daily basis.
Our mother left after her fight exhausting cancer.
At least that's what I thought the day I found his body empty, crystallied on this hospital bed with shredded flags.
Similarly, his funeral was a icacial farewell focused on the meagre light of the canals who framed his coffin.
I thought she was part.
Little by little, by small news stories, a little timid, a little erased, she quickly returned to my mind, moving forward as she took up her place in the landscape of my thought that thought she was in mourning.
And then, she turned out to be revealing my own facets that I had not yet seen, masked by my relationship with her.
I therefore learned and understood that I had in no way lost the person of my mother but simply a woman I didn't really know, a woman who embodied this person, during his stay in life.
By dying, this woman had perfect her life and released the person I helped, and here I found her, full and complete.
This detour of my life remains the most anticipated and beautiful.
It's a privilege to know that people like them never leave us.
I look like my father, "both inside and outside".
I have always told me that.
I never believed it at the time.
I had difficult relations with him until he became old, sick.
Here, I'm no longer afraid of him and I was able to love it.
One day, he's dead.
For a long time, he accompanied me: when I stopped smoking, when I was scared, when I had bad...
He told me, I constantly encouraged, he lived my body.
I saw his hands watching mine, I lent her my body.
But it was never indiscreet.
I was able to have a personal life.
He left me intimate.
It lasted a long time and one day he left.
Finally, it was comfortable and reassuring to be understood, encouraged and advised.
I don't know who said that people who died are not forgotten but invisible.
My parents are no longer but I'm constantly making them close to me.
Each event, every moment of my life makes me feel their presence because I always refer to them: what would they say? What would they think? What would they think? They are doing?
I constantly dream of them, maybe not all nights but several times per week is sure.
I often dream of the last moments that I have to share with them before it is too late, only, there is always something that prevents me from doing this moment.
I often wake up when it happens to me and I deeply feel their absence.
Sometimes, some dreams lead me on the contrary and are part of my history and indeed, they continue to live and share my life.
The day before my hoography where I had to know the sex of my baby, I dreamed that I woke up, I was shunning out of the bed, my father expected me on the boss and he was smiling and rejoicing that I'm waiting for a little boy.
The next day, I had the feeling he visited me in my sleep for telling me that he was happy to share what happened to me.
And of course, it was a little boy in my home.
I liked to share this moment with him and I am happy to tell this common memory lived after his death.
Just five years ago, my grandmother was dying of cancer.
One year before, she was travelling with my family in Cuba.
That means the shock his disappearance caused for the young bastlier that I was at the time.
In spite of everything, I did my mourning pretty quickly.
But she continues to influence my life, especially when I find myself in trouble, or when I have to take important decisions.
Calling Arabic and interested in the Middle East, to the point of making it a master in a big school, have not been, with hindsight, anodine choices.
In fact, I often heard it talk about Arab in my childhood, and talk about Morocco, where it had lived for decades - before returning to France at the time of independence.
The values she has accused me are always present, so I can think of how she would like me to act at some point.
The same applies to my attitudes: I'm trying to live up to the generosity and spirit of the spirit of the one who was a fervent believer.
From now on, I feel it like a daily presence, a benevolent soul, a salvator spirit.
I see his eyes ask me.
My mother died nineteen years ago now.
Death to the phone.
I went through all stages: incomprehension, anger, pain, pain that is going on alone, anywhere, when, in unusual places, incongruus moments.
Then, time appealed.
It stayed only the lack, this void without an answer, this need for her, to give me reassurance at the cream of her sweet.
However, she is here, silent presence, she is there and watching me.
Every morning, I see his eyes worried about me, I see the sons who increase his gaze, the lakes around the lips digging the cigarettes, the plars that mark the face for days of concern.
My mother took my face and she looks at me every morning in my mirror.
And every morning, I hijack my eyes.
My wife and the mother of my 3 children died from cancer to 43 years old.
We constantly feel his protection, nothing serious can happen to us.
It was his promise on his pain bed, so we slowly learned to smile, and pronounce his name is no longer taboo but a comfort.
Of course, I'm talking to him in the crunch of the night when the absence is too bad, she invites himself in my dreams when the morale is a little reached.
We feel like and protected in difficult times, the retreat of time makes us realize how much she was a orchestra and we try to stay in the path she had drawn us.
If someone liked you very much, the absence can't grind you out of the heart and memories.
In a way, being loved becomes your domestic energy.
I lost my father on August 22, 2008, as a result of asbestos cancer.
I was very close to him, I always acted according to what he thought or what he liked.
I could not attend his inhumation and three weeks after his death, I gave a little boy.
If I have my sometimes different convictions from his own, I always wonder if my actions are in line with his vision of things.
I also had problems in my work for these convictions.
For me, it's impossible to go in the opposite direction, I don't sleep and I always wonder what it will think about it.
I don't know if I adopted its way of being or if I'm just like him: is it genetic?
In any case, he will always be my reference.
It was a bit like a alter-ego, there was no need to talk between us.
In short, it's there on a daily basis.
I feel his presence and that makes me happy.
That's almost 30 years since my husband died at the age of 33.
I was 28 years old and our son 6 years old.
The immense punishment that then invaded me, of course, has moderated but it's always close to me.
Very often he "landed" in my dreams in such a precise way, so alive, I'm even sad to see that it was only a dream.
The other night, he asked me if I was going, I told him no, he replied to me "I'm descending" but from a voice so real that I woke up, anguish, and I lit the hair lamp by looking everywhere, convinced that he was going to go. arrived.
I still live in the same house, and often, I feel observed and I turn to see if he isn't there, I know it's him and I'm talking to him.
In all parts I feel his presence and that makes me happy.
For nothing, I'm not leaving this house where we were happy and his spirit lives with me.
I have 8 years, I have always lived alone since his departure, he's and will remain love for my life.
I want to make it clear that I'm sociable with a job with responsibility, I'm looking and I'd love, I'm grandmother, I'm a lot of friends, but my heart and soul belong to her and I'm never talking about him except my son, and I'm never going to the cemetery.
Iraq: October was the bloodiest month since 2008.
October was in Iraq the most deadly month since April 2008.
This Friday, the official figures published the official figures: 964 people lost their lives last month: 855 civilians, 65 police officers and 44 soldiers.
This published day when the Iraqi Prime Minister is received by the American President.
Noury al-Maliki wants help from the United States.
"We don't say to the world to be on our side and support us, we have the right to ask the world because we're part of it", said Al-Maliki this Thursday in Washington.
And also because if what is happening in Iraq is not settled, it will expand, and what is happening in Syria will also expand.
And what happens when a terrorism virus lives? It's spread.
Noury al-Maliki was speaking at the United States Institute for Peace, an independent institution created by Congress.
Outside of the building, protesters were protesting against the Iraqi leader.
They were branding placards accusing him, among others, being a murderer and calling on the United States to refuse to provide assistance.
Cocaine lawyer who informed a drug sponsor of a police investigation has been imprisoned.
Basharat Ditta, 42 years old, gave information to the lord of the crime Nil Scarrough.
The lawyer was afraid that his secretive addiction to drugs was revealed in the open.
He was sentenced to three years imprisonment by the Liverpool Court of Liverpool.
A great defence lawyer, who informed a drug drug of a significant police investigation because he was afraid that his secretive addiction to drugs was revealed, was sentenced to three years in prison.
Basharat Ditta, 42 years old, gave sensitive information to the lord of the crime Nil Scarrough about surveys of his activities related to drug trafficking after having compromised because of his habit of consuming cocaine.
The lawyer, who was called "Bash" and considered by the criminals as a "file of first importance", was arrested at his house in 2011 following police interception operations directed at Scarborough, which he represented during a previous trial in connection with drug trafficking.
Police officials repaired Sarborough, 32 years, tabling three cocaine bags at the house of the lawyer in Blackburn, in Lancashire, while he attended a Barreau dinner with colleagues.
Surveys revealed that Ditta was a "regular consumer" of this class drugs after tests showed cocaine traces in his hair, on his wallet and credit cards.
Out of a period of eight months between January and August 2011, he tried to obtain illegal information on the arrest of two men for the Scarborough account and one of his associates.
The four suspects were watched at the time by the police in an important investigation into the trafficking of heroin and cocaine taking place in counties of Lancashire, Cumbria, Merseyside, Berkshire and West Yorkshire.
With 32 other men, they were then imprisoned after the police confiscated heroin and cocaine for a £1.5 M amount, as well as more than £200 000 in cash during a series of raids.
Ditta, 42 years, provided information to the criminals because he was worried that his drug drug was revealed in the open.
Today, at the Liverpool Court of Liverpool, which works in the cabinet of lawyers Forbes Solidarity located in Blackburn, has fallen into disthanks after being found guilty on two charges of hindering justice after a three-week trial.
He recognized the ownership of cocaine during a previous audience.
The fall of the lawyer came after the police, investigating Scarborough, discovered that he had regularly been in phone contact with Ditta in February 2011.
Two investigators followed the suspect and reneged him on the home at Ditta and put drugs, pure at 60%, under the bastard of the lawyer in a black golf gate.
Shortly after the deposit, Scarborough has regularly been in phone contact with Ditta who was at a dinner at Ewood Park's soccer stadium, pregnant with the Blackburn club.
The lawyer has gone back home, discovered drugs and they phone nine times.
The court heard that Ditta was a "regular consumer" of cocaine after tests showed traces of this class drugs A A drug in his hair, on his wallet and credit cards.
Ditta was stopped later but denied consuming cocaine. He said he had spoken about the alleged drug trafficking because it was his client and said that their discussions were subject to a "legal privilege".
During his arrest, Ditta collection his wallet and tried to remove several credit cards, but they were all confiscated and they were taken from a hair of hair.
During an interrogation, he said he had an office at his home, as well as at his workplace and arrived that customers call him at home for legal questions.
But the court heard testimonies according to which he called major actors in the drugs trade, some of whom he had represented, after key arrests to tell them which investigators were aware.
Public prosecutor Anne Whyte said: "If someone has to know that you don't have to violate the law, it's a penalist lawyer."
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a penalist lawyer, and having become too involved with particular customers.
The relationship we are talking about is not just a drug traffic, but a drug trafficking drug providing drugs to his own lawyer.
Some of his communications will no doubt be legitimate communications because it was his lawyer.
But it went well beyond the ordinary limits of a relationship between a lawyer and his client.
He hindered police investigation as much as he could to allow him to continue his criminal activities.
Mr Ditta did not honor his profession, but he dishoned him.
He got too close to certain clients, especially Scarborough, and he let him jeopardise his independence.
Ditta denied illegal agitation and said: "If I was a corrupt lawyer, which I am not, and if I wanted to provide Mr Scarborough information, I would not have waited 3 hours, I would not have done it immediately."
But after the audience, the supermeaning Lee Halstead of the Lancashire Politics said: "Mr. Ditta has gone from a criminal penalist to criminal himself as he started getting drugs with criminal organizations."
His cocaine addiction compromises him forever and made him vulnerable to the ulterior motives of the leaders of organised criminal groups who asked him to get useful information about police surveys.
Lawyers should observe the highest integrity rules and create a climate of confidence among the public.
Mr Ditta betrayed this confidence and tried to shelter behind his profession's veneer.
The unit responsible for serious and organized crime in Lancashire conducted the investigation on Mr. Ditta, who was found guilty of the three indictments of cocaine ownership and now hindering justice, testifying of his commitment to prosecute criminals in court.
That this case should serve as a warning to criminals to know that no one is above the law.
We will find you and you will translate into the courts.
Scarborough himself was imprisoned for 14 years after having pleaded guilty guilty for the trafficking of heroin, cocaine and cannabis.
35 other people involved in traffic have been sentenced to a total of 153 years in prison for drug trafficking.
On his website, Ditta organised a questions / answers session on himself during which he said that his dream's job would be to be a lawyer to represent clients on death row in America, his last guest to dinner would be Mohammed Ali and the inequality would be what motivates him. to work.
Aretha Franklin will go back on the scene in December.
The newspaper Detroit News reports that the Queen of the soul will take place on 21 December in the Sound Board of the hotel MotorCity Casino.
Mrs Franklin is dealing in November with the recording of an album for Clive and Sony Music, produced by Don Was and Kenny "Babyface" Edmonds.
Without specifying the disease she suffered, the famous Respect interpreter told the media on October 16 that the side effects of a treatment she received were "difficult".
She claims to be "happy to be back".
Death the cost of his Christmas illumination
420 reasons, 2.2 km from a seaside board of light: we could be almost the hot shot in Moton with the illumination bill.
Facing that, unlike many municipalities, is also regulated by taxpayers, and not by tradesmen associations.
To ease its costs, the city uses leds.
But also differentiated management of the public lighting network and Christmas decorations.
Los Angeles Airport evacuated after a shooting
A shooting took place at the international Airport of Los Angeles.
It was at 10: 00 at the local hour when a man opened fire.
According to the local police, there would be at least 2 wounded.
It would be an employee working for the Administration's Transport Security of the United States (TSA) and the author of the fire.
The incident would have happened at the terminal 3, provoking a wave of panic.
Passengers and staff rushed to exit or on the tarmac.
Very quickly the police forces intervened and a man suspected of being the shooter was apprehended on the roof of an airport parking.
The airport is in the process of evacuation and air traffic is interrupted.
Classical song for teenagers
Each time, it's the school clientele that will be targeted, an initiative that had had a lot of success during the previous season.
Through five saynets imagined and interpreted by artists from the region, stickers with a heavy dose of humor, we allow teenagers to learn the classical song.
Besides this show, the Kingdom's lyrical art company will come back with its lyrical Destnations, a formula that now flies at the Chichemi Pulperie.
Two other concerts will take place in the summer of 2014, which gives artists in the region the chance to show what they are capable of.
These activities added lyrical Apple, the concert-profit concert held last August, with the competition of the soprano colourature Marie-Eve Munger.
It was an activity-profit at the same time as the artistic dimension, and it helped the non-profit organization to produce a financial balance sheet that is as sweet in ears as an air of the bove-mouse.
Without giving specific figures, the president of the board of directors, Yves Bergeron, took advantage of the press meeting held yesterday in Chicapumi to be reassuring.
Despite the precariousness that is the lot of so many cultural institutions, the future is well, even in the long term.
We have more solid and constant support.
"The finances are afloat and we hope to last until the 50th anniversary of the opera, a step that we will pass in seven years", commented on the directors.
"I'm even going beyond", added the Managing Director, Hélène Gaudredult, by smiling.
The 37 year man who took a child hostage at the school Gabrielle Roy de Surrey facing six charges, according to the Royal Gendarmerie of Canada.
Omar Mustompha Hassan has been accused of hostage taking, sequestration, threats of threats, weapons in a dangerous design, kidnapping, and default to comply with a prescription.
"The quick reactions of the police involved and their ability to defuse the situation immediately have been essential to the security conclusion of this incident", declared Corporal Bert Pouquet by way of communiqué.
Omar Hassan is still in custody and will have to appear in court Friday.
New demand for collective appeal against the Sainte-Crasix brothers
A new request for collective redress was lodged against the Saint-Cbroix brothers, concerning sexual assault that would have taken place this time at oratory Saint-Joseph and in several orphanages, colleges and schools.
The request is based on the shark's testimony, identified as "J. J"., who would have been masked in the 1950s, first of all in Noout-De-Neiges by his professor the brother Souplaced, and then by his confessor, Father Bernard, at the orace. By Saint-Joseph, where he was serving mass and where his father worked as painter.
The first appeal aimed only at three establishments, and when you announced the regulation, many people told us: "I was at that place, I can register?", tell the lawyer Alain Arsenrault, who defends victims in both cases.
The collective appeal that has just been lodged is to allow the addition of complainants of any establishment where abuse could have been perpetrated by members of the Sainte-Crix congregation.
At the moment, the appeal brings together complaints from 25 people who claim to have been attacked by the Sainte-Crix brothers.
The alleged facts are usually older than those mentioned in the first resort, since several of the targeted establishments closed in the 1960s.
The appeal also points out that the Sainte-Crasix and the Saint-Joseph oratory, which is a separate entity, "allowed sexual abuse to be perpetrated against children", that they "exercised a moral, religious and psychological constraint on the victims", that they "were aware of the sexual abuse perpetrated and nevertheless stifled them", and they have "consciously and consciously chosen to ignore the problem".
These latest accusations are based, among other things, on letters written by the Advocate brothers' lawyer, Me Emile Perriin, in the 1990's, but also by the searches made in the archives on this subject by the brother of Wilson Kennedy, a former broetey brother. Locating who publicly denounced the abuse.
Collective redress must first take the step of admissibility in the Supreme Court.
Once the admissibility admisds by the Court, we do the second stage, or the hearings on the background.
In the case of the first resort, the Sainte-Crasiix congregation agreed to settle amicable before hearings are conducted on the basis.
Impact of fire in a trade
A fire has seriously damaged a trade in the LSalle Armed Forces in Montreal, on Thursday night on Thursday.
Relief was called to 1h, Friday, because of a fire that declared on the subground of a restaurant restaurant on the Dolard avenue Dolard, near the intersection with the street Ranne.
The 3rd fire brigade that was sent out on the scene took almost an hour to control the brake.
The fire "caused significant damage to the structure of the building", indicated the head of the operations of the fire security service in Montreal, Richard Bordeaux.
The cause of the fire was unknown, but there was no one in restaurants when the firemen arrived on the scene.
There were no wounded, but almost 20 homes, located in the first and second floor of this row of commercial premises, had to be evacuated.
The Red Cross was requested because the residents of one of the apartments could have to be posted temporarily, indicated the IM.
Many opposition to medical assistance to die at Congress.
The Canadian Congress of palliative care, which is taking place this week in Ottawa, comes a few days after the vote in favor of the principle of the bill on medical assistance to die in Quebec.
It's an opportunity for several palliative care associations to reassert their disagreement.
If all patients had access to effective care to allay their suffering, in addition to being able to stay at home, very few would want to end their days, according to a spokesman of the Canadian Association for palliative care, Maryse Bouette.
If we put the accent on palliative care in Canada, the approach of euthanasia would become small.
The president of the Network for palliative care in Quebec also rejects the draft law on medical assistance to die.
If it is adopted, Alberte Déry is worried about the consequences for the next generations.
"What's the meaning of life", is it.
The majority of palliative care houses refuse to help patients die, according to the deputy president of the palliative care houses, Suzanne Fitzubback.
Mrs Fitzubback, as directors of the Mathi-Francoment-Savy house in Gatinau, thinks the service would be useless anyway.
We never ask us: "I want to die, give me a injection".
The director of the palliative treatment of Ontario, Rick Firth, believes that the Quebec bill disorientates the population about the vocation of palliative care.
He doesn't believe that Ontario will follow.
For its part, the liberal deputy of Gatieau, Stéphania Vallé, says that the notion of the end of life will have to be made clear before the draft law is adopted.
The Kenyan press is unworthy of the controversial media law
"It's a frightening country and it's legitimate to ask ourselves the question: what will prevent Parliament from wiping out the independence of the judicial system tomorrow?", said the newspaper said by contesting the draft law and calling for it to be declared unconstitutional.
"This law is draconian and very punitive, and we reject it", explained Cyrus Kamu, the chief executive of CapittalFM - owner of CapittalFM, one of the most respected independent radio and websites sites in Kenya.
He said that the new media court "will always be biased because it's an extension of the government" and that restrictions on content and advertising would hurt Kenya's place in the world economy.
"I hope the president will listen to us, and we ask him to reject this bill and send him back to the parliamentarians", he added.
According to The Star newspaper, the new bill will allow the government to have "the stranglehold on the media". The Standard indicated that democracy and freedom of opinion in Kenya "had been hard" and castigated the bill calling him "Draciah."
The adoption of the bill comes at the same time as a package of measures aimed at strengthening national security in the wake of the attack perpetrated by armed Islamists in the Westgate commercial center last September.
The Kenyan media gave rise to the anger of the authorities by disseminating images of video cameras on which the troops deployed on the scene supposedly stolen from the luxury commercial center.
The chief of police, David Kimaio, reacted by summoning two journalists and a media officer to interrogate them, although the convocation was withdrawn following a cliché in the media.
Under the new bill, the media will be able to be punishable by up to 20 million shillings Kenyan shillings and journalists up to 1 million with the additional risk of being "radiated" or of no official press accreditation.
The court also has the power to seize the property of a offender if he has not paid his fine.
According to the Daily Nation, "Even a single fine suffice to cripple most of FM stations."
He also says that the measures could have a devastating effect on what he described as Kenya's "animated blogosphere".
By reducing media silence, politicians know that they can do what they want with impunity.
"Nobody will ever know," wrote Mutuma Mathiu, journalist in The Nation, describing Kenyan media as a key control source in public life.
"Live for themselves, politicians would go bankrupt and bring us back to hunting and coping."
Kenyan legislators have been the target of the anger of the population in the past.
In May, they took a position against the cuts ordered by the National Commission in charge of salaries and reinstated their mixed wages of about 532 000 shillings per month exempt from tax - which are among the highest in the world.
A difficult year for pharmacists
The departure of almost 10 pharmacists at the Center for Health and Social Services (CSSS) of Laval caused a whole lot to the direction of the Hospital of Cit-de-Health, and this during 2012-2013.
Because of multiple retirement, maternity or departmental leave at all times, the pharmacy department has found itself highly staffed.
It was missing almost 30% of the necessary staff, making this financial year "very difficult", according to the head of the department, Gillian Beaudand.
However, the CSSS decided not to hire independent workers, which can cost up to three times more than a full-time pharmacist engaged pharmacist.
We did not use breakdown, explained Mrs Beaudand.
We streamed or reduced some of our activities inside the institution to repair, the time things go again.
It's sure that we worked hard to interest our young people [residents in pharmacy] to come and stay here.
There is a competition of circumstances that caused us to be in a bad situation last year.
Improvement.
After this difficult period, 2013-2014 will be much easier for the SSS pharmacy department.
Already, three pharmacies are back to work after their maternity leave and three other pharmacies have been hired in recent months.
Also, the efforts made by the department to withhold fruit because the four students are currently living at Laval at Laval also decided to stay at the job of the CSSS.
Now it's much better, pointed out the pharmacy.
By the end of the financial year, we will have seven new pharmacists and three maternity returns.
So it will come up our departures from last year.
Increasing, ever growing,
However, the situation is still difficult.
Several factors, like the lack of pharmacists in hospital or a predominance of young women in the job, make situations like the one experienced in 2012 difficult to predict.
For us [the number of staff] is still precarious, because we have a background that is young and we use a lot of young women, so with pregnancies, we almost always drive maternity leave when it's going well, she added.
The last year, we had a lot more and we do not have pharmacists who are available to make replacements, so it was more difficult.
The top model of 22 years old does not start his career in cinema by the small door.
The director Lars von Trier chosen him to embody Charlotte Gainsburg young in Nymomomanac, his next movie.
This porn porn drama, in eight sections that will come out in two parts (the 1st and 8 January 2014), the erotic memories of a quadragenary addicted to the sex since its adolescence.
Story Martin's resemblance with his elder is vivid: a bringhette of bringhette, a diaphane and Franco-English origins.
Without forgetting a certain taste of the risk: the one who didn't hesitate to ask gnake on gicked paper will appear in situations that are much more sulfrench on big screen.
An extract from Nymomomanic has raised the temperature on the Tole: Stay Martin appears there in bed and in full excitement with Shia Labef.
If the filmmaker asked his actors to put their punches on the shelf, he used X professionals for the most dare sex scenes, before merging all the numerically numerically: above the belt, it's star; below, the shower is the shower. It's a bit of a bad thing.
From Björk at Charlotte Gainsburg, via Nicole Kidman, Lars von Thrier has the habit of pushing his accompanies into their last tranches, always for the best.
Story Martin has not finished speaking about her.
A CGR of Nargood CGR Thursday night
Thursday night, the first session of a movie was interrupted in Narda's Mea CR, as a precautionary measure, following gorge plots felt by spectators.
Immediately, the director of the establishment took the evacuation of the room and warned the firemen for a suspect smell.
70 people have come out of the session.
People were examined and full recognition of the room did not give anything.
Bad joke on the background of the teymogen jet jet?
Or involuntary incidents?
Still, the cinema management has played the precautionary principle and the security of its clients.
The room was deferred and everything came into order.
The cinema was able to resume its rights and customers find the pleasure of the images.
On screen only.
She tries to import 2 kg of cocaine in clicks.
Taking advantage of Hallalween Day, a woman tried to get two kilograms of cocaine hidden in cas, Thursday morning at Montreal Trudeau Airport.
It was during the examination of the baggage of the passenger that drugs could be detected.
Cocaine had been distributed in three cities since it had already been emptied.
drugs were then transported to the office of the Royal Canada Gendarmerie (GRC) that took over in this investigation.
Canada's agency for border services (ASFC) did not reveal where the woman arrived when she was intercepted.
This is part of the investigation, said Jbueline Roby, spokesman for the ASFC.
What I can tell you is that she arrived in the country.
Since the beginning of 2013, border services agents at Montreal-Trudeau Airport have carried out 173 seizures of drugs, including 10 cocaine seizures for a total of 44 kilograms.
In 2012, border services agents in the Quebec region made a total of 1653 seize drugs.
Air air travel against military installations in Syria
According to the Lebanon army, Israeli aircraft went into Lebanon's air space Wednesday at the beginning of this afternoon, but the strikes took place in the evening.
A consignment of short solair missiles (SA-8) missiles would have been targeted and destroyed.
This new raid of Tahal aviation into Syria (the sixth since the beginning of the year, according to the Israeli daily newspaper Haarez) has not been confirmed by Israel or Syria.
The raid took place in about the same circumstances as the one that took place on 5 July: at the time, it was also an anonymous American official who confirmed at CNN an Israeli attack, this time targeting sol-sea missiles Yakhhave, delivered by Russia to Damascus.
Israeli officials had not hidden their irritation to see Washington reveal the attack, at the risk of forcing President Assad to react.
Ukraine is approaching bankruptcy
The rating agency Standard & Poora lowered the creditworthiness of Ukraine on Friday, calling into question the ability of the former Soviet Republic, in a recession for more than a year, to face up to its financial obligations.
The country's public debt notes pass to "B-", sinking into the category of speculative investments.
It is accompanied by a negative perspective, S & P seeing at least one chance on three that it is once again lowered within a year.
"It's less and less likely that the government's strategy will allow enough foreign currency to meet its high external financing needs", explains the American agency.
The agency notes that the exchange reserves of Ukraine fell 26% between September 2012 and September 2013 and that the trend will continue.
It makes the repayment of credits taken abroad more difficult.
These reservations, to which the authorities use massively to support the local currency, the hryvnia, collapsing, the agency is becoming more and more likely to be devalued, which would inflate its external debt.
Kiv also needs cash to settle gas imports to Russia, accusing him of not having paid $882 million.
This announcement is bad news for the Ukrainian power in a period of intense tension with its neighbour, Russia, furious at the desire of Kiv to sign an association agreement with the EU at the end of November.
She was made public in the day after the official statistics published showing that the country's economy had suffered between July and September her fifth quarter of contraction.
Its indebtedness, still relatively modest, has exploded in recent years and S & P estimate 33.5% of GDP, compared to less than 10% before the crisis of 2008-2009.
The country, in budget deficit, has been calling for months for assistance from the International Monetary Fund, which granted it in 2010 a credit of $15.3 billion and for now only made available 3.4 billion.
But the fund refuses to pay any new tranche until the country has adopted unpopular reforms to reduce its deficit, especially by increasing gas prices to the population.
After a new unsuccessful mission in the country, the IMF noted this week that "important external financing needs" were "a vulnerable", while raising "signs of economic improvement."
However, for the economist Oleksandr Joold, the Politics Centre Center, "we can't wait for a short term improvement".
"There's little hope that unpopular reforms are launched in a pre-election year", the presidential elections are planned in 2015, comes up with the expert, interrogated at the AFP.
The only hope is an improvement in the international climate.
S & P also notes the "uncertainty" related to the possible signature of an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU, that Brussels depends on the release of the opposition Youlia Tymoshenko.
"Signing the agreement would be positive for trade in the long run but there could be negative short- and medium-term negative consequences related to the reaction of Russia", explained S & P, which fears "trade restrictions" from Moscow.
Russia, which represents a quarter of Ukrainian exports, warned that in the event of a free trade area between the EU and Kiv, it should strengthen its border controls for imported goods.
Green Hello of the United States.
Allied and Omnicom said Friday having received no objection from the American authorities for their fusion, thus coming closer to the creation of the first World Advertising Agency.
The fusion indeed brings the second World agency, Omnicom, and the third, ubbis.
"Omnicom Group and Public Panel have today announced the expiration of the examination period of the previous fusion announced by the Pubbis Group and Omnicom, provided for by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antiles Improuuuuuvors of 1976, as amended", "announces both groups in a communiqué.
They specify that they also received the necessary authorisations in Canada, India and Turkey, after South Africa and South Korea.
The expiration of the examination period planned by the HSR in the United States and the authorisation decisions issued in the other courts satisfy several of the conditions necessary for the operation of the operation.
"fusion is also conditioned by the achievement of other regulatory authorisations and the approval of shareholders of both groups", they add.
The Congolese army hunt the M23 rebels.
The Congolese army (FARDC) announced Thursday that its units were going to hunt the M23 rebels up to their bases in the forests and the mountains of North Kivu adjacent to Rwanda and Uganda.
M23 seems to be on the point of being beaten after being hunted from the localities in the northeast of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) that he controlled since the beginning, 20 months ago, of the insurrection.
"We are going to continue M23 and make it work everywhere it hides because they are criminals", said in Reuters Olivier Hamuli, spokesperson for FARDC.
We must not let them reorganize themselves because they're martyred by the Congolese people for too long.
The time has come to bring the peace back.
Officials of M23 explained having evacuated localities under diplomatic pressure and Bertrand Bissimwa, a politician of the rebellion, said on FRFI that these military setbacks would not change his claims in any way to the peace talks.
The latter, according to the Ugandan mediators, took up on Wednesday in Kampaala between the government of Kinshasa and M23.
Bunchys are reported in the hills that dominate Bundagana, the last locality in the hands of the insurgents this week, as well as the surrounding Runyoni, a colline where the M23 rebellion saw the day in 2012.
At their peak in November, the insurgents occupied Goma, master-place of North Kivu province, taking advantage of the government garrison garrison and the passivity of the blue helmets of Monusco.
The fall of Goma brought the United Nations Mission in the DRC, the most important in the world in terms of manpower, to strengthen its mandate and to train a quick brigade composed of South African soldiers, males and tanzians.
For its part, the FARDC staff was reworked and the army went to the offensive against M23, making the course of the war change.
The rate of progress of government troops is unprecedented today.
"Le M23 seems to be coming to an end", predicted an expert on Congolese affairs, Jasson Stearns, on his blog Congo Siasa.
It would be historic - it would be the first time the Kinshasa government managed to beat a major insurrection.
And it would also be the first time since 1996 that no armed group allied in Rwanda would be present in the east of the DRC.
UN experts accuse Rwanda, which fiercely denies it, to support militarily the M23, made up of former Congolese soldiers maimed.
The head of British diplomacy, William Hague, invited the Rwandan president Paul Kagame to show restraint, announced a spokesperson of the Foreign Office.
Last week, Kigigi mentioned the possibility of military reprisals following the shells falling into Rwanda.
Wednesday, the inhabitants of Bundagana took on the streets of the bourgade to welcome the entry of the soldiers of the FARDC.
"We lived a year with M23 and it seemed unimaginable to us to one day liberated by the army," testifies a inhabitant of this local locality of Uganda.
"We lived in terror (of M23), we are traumatized", added this man.
The tests carried out by the Pasteur Institute on a patient suspected of being infected by coronavirus have proven negative, announced the Ministry of Health.
It states that "the two cases identified in May 2013 therefore remain the only two confirmed cases in France so far".
Tuesday, this 43-year-old patient had been suspected of being reached, after having returned from Saudi Arabia, a country where the disease has already killed 50 or so people.
Chevron, the second American oil company, reported on Friday a decrease in its quarterly profit due to the decrease in its refining margins, while its production of oil and gas increased while remaining behind the group's objectives.
His net third profit in the third quarter reduced to $4.95 billion, or 2.57 dollars per action, compared to $5.25 billion, or 2.69 dollars per action, one year before.
Analysts interviewed by Reuters, on average, rely on a profit per Action of 2.71 dollars.
The group has produced 2.59 million barrels of oil equivalent per day during the quarter, rising compared to the 2.52 million balls produced a year before.
The company aims 2.65 million bpj for this year, with a 25% growth of expected production by 2017.
Most growth in the coming years will come from its liquefied natural gas projects in Australia.
Because of the cost of these projects, annual investment spending has increased by 7 billion dollars in two years and is expected to reach $36.7 billion in 2013.
The profits from production activities have reduced slightly in the third quarter, while the profits of downstream activities (including refining and chemical production) have fallen from 45% to $380 million.
This reduction in refining margins affects the entire sector.
So Chevron's main competitor, Exxon Mobil, reported on Thursday of a net net benefit, despite the increase in gas and oil production.
School of ecolier: complaint deemed admissible.
school / Sherbrooke school Commission (CSRS) demands from the beginning of the school year costs of $150 per pupil (up to a maximum of $300 per family) for students benefiting from school transportation to two homes, a service that the organization offers when it is able to do so. to do it.
Before the changes in the last budget, no financial contribution was called for.
"There's a mediating service that is proposed by the committee and I was interested", explains Mrs Lefat.
According to her, the CSRS has been invited to mediators and she asked for a further time to think about it.
"It's always better to talk about it, to consult and find solutions", according to Mrs Lefat.
The school commission of the Rregion de Sherbrooke (CSRS) did not want to comment.
The organization only meant that the mediation is part of the process during a complaint.
Imbeclio about closing the emergency Havel-God emergency
Faced with the frontloading carried out for several months by a portion of staff and several unions, including CGT, the Minister of Health, Marisol Touraine, decided on 10 July to "discrepancy the implementation schedule of the project, and in particular the date of closing the emergencies that will not be able to intervene on 4 November".
An officially made request "to not run any risk of dealing with emergencies in Paris at the beginning of the winter" but which was also aimed at not hindering the PS campaign a few months away from municipalities.
Despite ministerial instructions, the closure should still be effective on that date.
Even if, in APHP, we prefer to use the term "transformation" or "change in continuity".
From November 4, the fire-fighters <unk> who assured about a quarter of the 40 000 annual passages to the emergency emergency in Hô-God <unk> will all have been instructed to take the 30 cases seriously per day to the emergencies of other Parisian hospitals.
This date of 4 November also corresponds to the renewal of internatives.
At Havel-God, the urgencies specialized in emergency medicine will leave room for five internal internal medicine on Monday.
As for the transfer of internal medicine beds, it is programmed for the course of the month.
"The Havel-God emergency service must close in the shortest time period, and for us, it's on 4 November", assures Loc Cheon, the president of the APHP Medical Committee (CME), which supports the management's project.
"On November 4, there will no longer be patients brought by firemen, only people coming from their own means" confirms Professor Jean-Yves Fagon, the medical officer of the new Hedel-God.
"But we will continue to welcome patients in emergency", he hurts, claiming the permanent presence of SMUR vehicles there to transfer serious cases.
Senior physicians doctors will stay there, he also assures.
But it's up to the ARS to decide the closure of the emergency service for emergencies.
"Things happen progressively", responds Nicolas Péju, spokesman for the ARS for whom, on November 4, "there will be no change in terms of service."
"The Minister lied or lied to her", deplores the emergency doctor Gérld Kierzek.
Demonstrated from his position as leader of the SMUR at the beginning of July for having conducted the frontloading against the project of reorganisation, he defines himself as a "early warning" decision taken by "the medio-administrative technostructure".
"They are emptying and asphyxiating the emergencies that were renovated less than five years ago", he thinks.
For him, "if the other Paris emergency services could absorb the surplus, there would be no problem".
But they are regularly engulfed.
For example, there are sometimes nine hours of waiting for the emergencies in Lariboisère.
To the ARS, it is argued that 30 "dispatchized" patients on several sites are not likely to represent an "avalanche" in other emergency services, the human means of which will also have been strengthened.
To the ARS and APHP, we defend the "new hospitality model" already set in motion since 7 October and which should continue to welcome 30 000 to 35 000 patients per year.
By the end of the year, liberal general doctors should also come to participate in the creation of a "permanent care permanent."
"Where will we be if we ask people to diagnose themselves", ask Gérld Kierzek who "the not serious concept of emergency" is "dangerous" and marks a "medical regression".
This will happen as in the case of maternity hospitals at level 3.
People are not crazy, they're going to go where there's the best care offer.
If the minister doesn't take action by Monday, we'll change the brake, warn Christophe Prudman, emergency doctor and member of the CGT Health.
We are going to be even more present in the municipal campaign and we'll think about putting forward a list.
In the Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet team, Vincent Roger, the Paris UMP de Paris and elected of 4th arrs. clearly announces that "even if the Parisian UMP was to keep the emergency God in God, it would be technically possible and financially impossible to reopen them if we go back to the responsibilities."
Anne Hidalgo, the PS candidate, she said again Monday morning on France Inter that she pronounced herself in favor of a moratorium so that there would be no closure on 4 November.
If that were the case, she would mark her net disagreement, underlined Bruno Julliard, his spokesman.
Even if the restructuring of Heelel-God has its legitimacy on the content, we cannot admit it without an acceptable pattern of deferment to other hospitals.
Obama puts an end to the eavesdrops aimed at the IMF and the World Bank.
Barack Obama has ordered the National Security Agency (NSA) to put an end to the listen it used to on the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in its intelligence activities, indicate a American official, Thursday.
This decision is part of the White House's attempt to take back NSA's eavesdropping case after the revelations made by the former analyst Edward Snowden, refugees in Russia.
This is the first time that the surveillance of the IMF and the World Bank has been mentioned by the intelligence agency since the beginning of the scandal.
When asked about the subject, an American administration official replied: "The United States does not carry out electronic surveillance targeting the seats of the World Bank and the IMF in Washington".
Speaking under the stamp of anonymity, this official didn't specify if such a monitoring had been put in place in the past.
Another official told him that Barack Obama had given order to stop these practices in past weeks.
This instruction was given almost at the same time as the one putting an end to the tapping of the UN headquarters in New York.
In this context, Thursday, the Senate Intelligence Intelligence Commission approved a strengthening of controls on government surveillance programs, but allowed them to continue.
The committee introduced new data restrictions that intelligence agencies are allowed to collect and imposed a limit of five years for the conservation of this information.
The UN welcomes the new goals for fighting poverty
The United Nations will start working now on a new set of goals aimed at replacing the goals of the Millennium Development (MDG), which were set up 12 years ago to fight against world poverty.
Australia's diplomats played a key role in highlighting "sustainable development goals" aimed at replacing the MDG, which will expire in 2015, before the United Nations summit on sustainable development that started the day before Rio de Janeiro.
They were in the final preliminary draft of the document, which will be adopted by world leaders, including Mrs Gillard, during the summit.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said on the eve of the summit that it was now time to "go beyond national interests."
"I am happy that the Member States agreed to launch and appropriate the process of setting universal sustainable development goals (ODD)", he added.
These ODD will rely on the progress made in the Millennium Development goals and will become an integral part of the post-2015 development framework.
I will do all I can to fulfil the mandate I was given by the Member States to realize our vision of sustainable development objectives that rely on the success of the MDG.
The security concern in Mozambican is growing at the same time as conflicts break out between powerful personalities.
At the feet of the statue of Sama Machel, the founder president of Mozambique, in the process of toying them, thousands of people gathered in the center of Maputo to shout peaceful slogans during a rare public demonstration.
"We want peace to come back; we want stability", declared Vanca from Sousa, a general director of an investment society.
Inquired for the future of his country, she exchanged her working clothes against a T-shirt with the mention "we want security" in Portuguese before joining the amassed crowd on the place of the capital of the capital on Thursday.
For two weeks, there were almost daily reports of conflicts between government forces and Ren<unk>, the worst cliches since the peace agreement that was signed more than 20 years ago.
The Ren<unk> was once a famous rebellious movement, supported at the beginning by the Rhodesia governed by whites then the South African government of apartheid in the context of efforts to destabilize the independent government of the country.
After a peace agreement signed in 1992, she became an opposition party.
Analysts think that the country should not relapse into an open conflict, but recent events have shaken foreign investors and the local population.
The stakes are considerable for the growing economy since the discovery of huge reserves of offshore gas and coal deposits in the North West could attract more than 50 $of investments in the next few years from companies like Rio Tinto, Vale of Brazil, Ei of Italy and Anadarko The United States.
Fremo, the ruling party and the main political force since 1975, and Ren<unk> reject responsibility for tensions.
The Ren<unk> says that the government is behind the recent clashes and that it launched an attack against its members in the province of Sofaa, a traditional bastion of Ren<unk>, on October 17.
The assault on the former rebels degenerated then when government forces attacked the bases of the Ren<unk> and tried to kill Afunso Dhakama, the leader of the group, and Fernando Mazanga, the spokesman of the Ren<unk>, according to the Financial Times.
The government makes Ren<unk> responsible responsible for sparking conflicts, and accusing him of attacking soldiers.
President Armando Guebuza tried to play down concerns about instability.
Mr Guebuza told the AFP, the French press agency, that Mr. Dhakama considered himself a "loser" who wanted to use "all the forces he left to try to prove he could impose his decisions in government".
Fremo and Ren<unk> insist that they both want to avoid war.
But the concern has grown after Mr Mazanga said that Ren<unk> gave up the 1992 peace agreement.
He told FT that he wanted to say that the agreement was no longer respected by Fremo.
"We want to resume the negotiations, but with the greatest seriousness", said Mr. Mazanga.
previous discussions between the parties have not succeeded in appeasing the tensions fuelled by a series of conflicts this year.
"These are two great men (Guebuza and Dhakama) who don't stop arguing", explained Joseph Hanlon, a confer of the open and specialist university in Mozambique.
None of them know well to negotiate and none of them is ready to make the necessary concessions.
The Ren<unk>, which is in favor of electoral reform, had already said that it would boycott the municipal elections due to take place in November.
The presidential and legislative elections are planned for next year.
Some commentators have interpreted his use of force as the attempt of a sick movement to get concessions and a war treasure from the government.
The portion of the votes collected by Ren<unk> is constantly declining since 1992, while a new party, the Democratic Movement of Mozambique (MDM) that was created by a former Ren<unk> member, should get more votes in elections.
Mr. Mazanga said that Mr Guebuza – who should leave at the end of his second term next year – wanted to destroy democracy in the country.
"He doesn't want a multi-party democracy, he doesn't want transparent elections, he doesn't want peace because he doesn't want to leave the presidency", said Mr. Mazanga.
We don't know exactly what Ren<unk> 's capacity is, but she conducted disruptive attacks on police stations and vehicles on a major North South motorway axis.
Most of the hooks took place in the Sofaa province, which is located several hundred kilometres north of Maputo, but where is Beira, the port where mining companies, especially Rio Tinto and Vale, export coal.
In June, Rio could not use the railway for about a week after Ren<unk> threatened to attack the railway line.
Mr Maazanga was falsely shy when asked if Ren<unk> would reitate this threat.
The Ren<unk> wanted to "warn the international community that things do not go well in Mozambique", pointed out to Mr Maazanga.
Ininstability has reinforced the frustrations of the government, says Fernando Lima, director of Mediacoop, an independent media society, many people are also worried about corruption, slow development and the recent wave of kidnappings.
"People think that the people responsible for the future of the country are the government and the president, and that it's up to them to find solutions to the problems", he explained.
Omar Suultuane, a manifestation, said that people only wanted stability.
"Nobody cares about Ren<unk> or Fremo, they just want to find peace, they want to have free access to roads". He added.
We should teach children myths and legends like "lifestyle models," says the author.
The Lost of Thor could show that "the brutal force does not weight the subtle ruse", while arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream.
Having said that many myths would be "far too violent, far too scandalous and in some cases, far too obscene to be taught at school", Croous-Holland has recommended a "careful selection" of adapted works at age.
"I think it's great that in America, myths and folklore are already part of education." He said.
I have been advocating this project for 20 years.
He added that the fact that authors and teachers are "openly didactic" means that children "completely break", the messages being "sucked" in pleasant stories.
Bsslegy-Holland, who translated Beowulf from the Anglo-Saxon and wrote The Penguin Book of Norths and British Folk, said: "You may have good intentions, but you prefer keep them out of sight."
Maybe the big difference between an adult author writing for adults and an adult author writing for children is the need to offer hope.
Not that everything has to be easy or finish well, but there's a meaning that is unborn of good and bad.
And he must be sublident; revealed through a story rather than declared.
The basis known for what we're showing and not said.
A fighter from the army arm of Hamas was killed tonight and another wounded by an Israeli tank shooting in the Gaza strip, they learned from medical and security sources in Gaza.
According to these sources, these activists were leading a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian territory and Israel when they met a shitty shitty shit from an Israeli joke.
Shorting NSA: the United States is "went too far", admits Kerry
The United States has sometimes gone "too far" when it comes to spying, recognised Secretary of State John Kerry, in this first confession of Washington in full controversy with Europe on the massive collection of data by the National Security Agency (NSA).
After ten days of scandal, revelations and denials between the United States and their European allies, this is the first time a American government official explicitly admits controversial practices in the interception by the NSA of communications and data in Europe.
"In some cases, I admit, as the president did, some of these actions went too far and we'll make sure that it does not happen anymore", said John Kerry at a conference in London which he participated since Washington Thursday, 31 October by video link.
In his speech broadcast, in the presence of his British counterpart William Hague, the head of American diplomacy has long justified intelligence practices and information collection by the necessary fight against terrorism and the prevention of possible attacks.
Invoking the attacks of September 11, 2001, the Madrid attacks in March 2004 and those of London in July 2005, John Kerry assured that the American authorities had been playing many projects for attacks, thanks to the interception of communications and the collection of information.
"We did not prevent aircraft falling, buildings did not explode and people were killed, because we were able to know about these projects upstream", argued the boss of American diplomacy.
And, said John Kerry addressed to the Europeans, "I assure you that in this process of innocent people have not been misled".
But we try to gather information.
"And yes, in some cases it's gone too far", has still admitted the Secretary of State, who had already had to express himself on this international scandal during a tour last week in Paris, London and Rome.
He assured him on Thursday night that President Obama was "solved to try to clarify and carry out a review of these practices so that no one feels wrong".
But the controversy between Americans and Europeans has continued this week with new revelations in the press.
According to the Washington Post, the NSA intercepted data of hundreds of millions of Google and Yahoo users.
The newspaper, which mentions documents obtained from the former NSA consultant Edward Snowden, says that the program named "MUSCULAR," and conducted with the British NSA side of the NSA, GCHQ, allows these two agencies to recover Data from the optical fibres used by the internet giants.
According to one of the documents, around 181 million elements were collected in the only month of January last year - from metadata on e-mails, to text parts or audio or video documents.
These interceptions would take place outside the United States.
But Yahoo and Google have denied any link with these practices.
For ten days, several major newspapers in France, Germany, Spain, or Italy revealed that the NSA would have intercepted massive data and communications from allies of the United States and their leaders, especially German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Faced with the anger of European states and while leaks in the American press said that the American president was not aware of such eavesdrops, Barack Obama refused to express himself on this subject, invoking national security.
On the other hand, the boss of the powerful NSA, General Keith Alexander, denied him that his intelligence agency captured tens of millions of communications from European citizens.
He even sent the ball to the European intelligence services who would have taken these communications before providing them to the NSA.
This would be about "military operations" in countries where these NATO allies collaborate with the United States and it would not aim at all in Europe, said General Alexander.
And the controversy spread to Asia on Friday.
Indonesia has summoned the Australia ambassador, whose mission is accused of being used by the Americans as part of a vast international spying network that also gave rise to China.
Paris Saint-Gerhand will receive Lorient Friday without his master's asset, the Swedish Zlaan Ibrahhimovic, who is injured, announces the League of Lega 1 club in a communiqué.
The PSG, leader of the Championship in front of Monaco, unlike goals, broadcast the list of players selected for this match day, without it being attacked for 32 years.
The communiqué simply states that he's "wounded", without specifying the nature of the injury.
However, he was suffering from an inflammation of the left wing when he came back to selection, at the beginning of the month.
A ceremony in memory of the deceased deputies.
The crematorium of Father Lachise organizes, at 11 hours, a secular ceremony, in memory of all the deceased creatures in his establishment during the year.
Anne Hidalgo, a socialist candidate at the Paris town hall, must attend, and then explain at a press conference her proposals regarding funraire.
To follow the ceremony, click above.
For their own funeral, more and more French people choose the creation, rather than inhumation: 53% according to a Ipsos study carried out on 6 and 7 September with 1009 people, instead of 47%.
For the funeral of a close, the opposite is the case: the French prefer inhumation (53% against 47%).
If they have the misfortune to lose a child, they are only 15% to choose the creation.
In his book La Mort ash, Damen Le Guay, philosopher and deputy of the National Committee of Ethics Ethics, insists on the "violence" represented by the creation, for the survivors.
There is, with the creation, "violence made to the loved body", which will be "reduced to a lot of ash" in a very short time, and not after a process of decay, which would "accompany the stages of the mourning".
There is also "symbolic violence", which is due to the "erroneous character" and the distinctive signs "reduced to the" anonymity "of the ash.
Why is what is accepted without difficulty in certain Scandinavian and Protestants, has not lived through in France?
"Because the creation is a new fact", responds Marie-Frédérique Bacé, president of the Theanatology Society and author of the book Apprivoise death.
It is only tolerated since 1963 by the Catholic Church, which limited the attempts to learn it.
Removing the creation is for François Mihad-Nérard, Managing Director of the funeral service Service of the City of Paris, planning for the deceased ceremony as worthy as the one he would have with an incomation.
The annual investigation of Ipsos shows a very strong attachment to the organization of the ceremony.
77% of French people want one, for their families, be it religious (53%), or civil (24%).
From now on, 73% of people who chose a creation want a ceremony.
66% of atheists or non-believers want it as well.
The crematoria adapted to this evolution of society.
"For ten years, they're trying to avoid families from waiting for violence, without doing anything, for an hour and a half, immediately followed by the surrender of the ash."
70% of the establishments now offer masters of ceremonies, who do, in the presence of the body, at the following ritual: welcome the assembly, name the deceased, link it to others, raise it, give meaning to his death, organize a farewell.
This is the case with Father Lachise's crematorium since 1998.
The ceremony masters are often people who have converted themselves.
There are also former Catholic priests.
It is in this context that the crematorium of Father Lachise is organising, since 2010, the day of La Toussaint, several ceremonies of memory, secular and non-religious, to which he invites the families of people who have been created in the year.
For the second consecutive year, one of these ceremonial ceremonies is transmitted to the attention of those who won't be able to travel.
The crematorium allowed us to relax it.
At La Seine, rehousing because of rats turns into controversy.
At the beginning of this week, a family left his apartment back to socks on the building Fruactidor D2, due to the presence of rats.
Faced with the urgency of the situation, the director of the Office of the South Tars of the South Habitat, has proposed, exceptional and temporary, to relocate the couple and his three children in a new T4.
But the family refuses "for financial reasons" and the situation is blocked.
The case took on exaggerated proportions, according to Joel Canapa, the director of the office.
There have always been rats in the cities.
The proclamation company carries out two passages per year, and also, we intervene, at our expense, at every request of the inhabitants.
We did so, since the end of last winter, 64 interventions.
The neighborhood isn't left to give up, and rats don't get into the city.
For reasons of environmental protection and public health, proctisation products are four times less effective than in the past, of course, but for two rats, we're not going to kill a taste.
"We did not call raats at home", defend the father of family who left his house to settle at the hotel.
We are soon without the sole and we wait for a new housing, at the same price as the old one.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange ends by 0.88%, Recall
Tokyo stock exchange ended on Friday in spite of good Chinese manufacturing statistics.
The Cote suffers from the decline of the dollar against the yen, harmful to the export values and the warning about its annual result launched by Sony Thursday.
The Nikkei index has lost 126.37 points (0.88%) to 14 20157 and the Topix gave way 11.23 points (0.94%) to 1 183.03.
Sony has fallen from more than 11% to 1 668 yen.
A house prey to flame in Viux-Quebec
A fire that triggered lunchtime in the Viu-Quebec on Friday, -Quebec.
More than thirty firefighters were dispatched on the 9 of the street. Hebrert.
The flames have declared themselves in a house of three homes spread on four shelges located behind the courtyard of the Quebec Seminar.
All tenants were absent during the fire.
The fire was mastered an hour after the fire brigade arrived, many of whom took part.
As soon as our first firefighters arrived, they really saw the smoke.
"So the alarms have succeeded, because it was strengthening to attack the building because it's buildings colluded here", explained France to France, spokesman for firemen in Quebec.
An investigation is underway to find the cause of this fire.
Ben Greenman: 10th anniversary of the New York Comedy Fesval: The New Yorker
We could say that the city of New York is the place where the standard-up in America was born: almost 100 years ago, the actor vougle Frank Fay, who held the role of teacher of the Palace of the Palace, on Broadway, started to tell jokes. Attacks directly in front of the public, on the tone of the conversation.
Fay's innovation has continued over the years, until recently by the New York Comedy Fesval.
Created and supervised by Caroline Hirsch, the founder of the standardization club Caroline, the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year, with more than 60 spectacles presented in small clubs and big theatres.
"Most posters emerged in Carolines, and experienced a great success, until they became too famous to play in a club." Hirsch said.
We created this festival to be able to continue to work with them.
This year's event will see the participation of Wanda Sykes, Kathes Griffin and Bill Maher, and the presentation of "Stanisd Up for Heres", an evening of music and music for the benefit of the former combatants, organized in the Madison Storre Garden, Among others, Bruce Springsteen, Jon Stewart, Roger Waans and Bill Cosby will be present.
The festival has grown up, just like the world of the comedy.
Several of the comedians participating in this year's festival went through non-traditional circuits, for example by setting out spectacles on small TV channels, like Comedy Central, FX and Spike.
Nick Kroll made his appearance in front of the scene in a sitcom on a cable channel ("The League" on the fantasily soccer gasolly weary of the channel channel FXX) and now has his own sketchs show on Comedos) and now has his own sketchs show on Comedu. Central-centric.
Jenny Slate participated in the show "Saturday Night Live" and was part of the casing of the "Parks and Recreation" series, but she is more famous for her series of viral videos "Marcel the Shell the Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell with Shell". I'm a guy. "
Kroll and Slate, as well as other young comedians with the singular voice (surreal pessimist Anthony Jeselnik, an ironically defender of racial justice W. Kamu Bell), are products of the Decentralized world of the American comedy.
One of the main attractions of the festival this year will be an interview: David Steinberg discussing with Larry David.
Steinberg started as a standard-setting comedy, but he became a fait film and television director, as well as an unofficial historian of the comedy.
Between 2005 and 2007, he animated a program on TV Land that was called "Sit Down Comeday with David Steinberg".
The appointment takes place at the Hotel de Ville, in the center of Manhattan.
"The city is definitively in the comic DNA of all the work of Larry," said Steinberg.
He told me that when he was here, sometimes he went down a rule between two buildings and said: Well, if I lose all my money, maybe I will live here.
The price of oil continues to fall and is close to $96 per barrel.
The price of oil continued to fall on Friday while the concerns about the importance of the stock compensates for a report showing that the electricity gasoline manufacturing sector is becoming stronger.
The price of American reference to delivery in December has fallen from 14 cents to $96.24 per barrel at the end of the morning in Europe during the electronic exchanges on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX).
The contract lost 39 cents Thursday, leaving it with a 5.8% decrease in October.
The massive supply of crude oil has weighed on the price in recent weeks.
The American Department of Energy told Wednesday that US supplies had increased by 4.1 million barrels last week.
Over five weeks, supplies have increased by more than 25 million barrels.
But two reports on Chinese manufacturing that arrived on Friday, showing growth in activity, suggest an increase in demand.
This suggests that China's economic recovery could continue to be refined after growing growth to 7.8% in the third quarter, after a decrease that we had not known for two decades in the previous quarter.
Graw, a reference for international crude already used by American refineries, lost 26 cents to fall at $108,58 per barrel on Inter-Continence Exchange (ICE) in London.
It's a question of the right to abortion in Texas.
A federal appeal court has reinstated the Texas restrictions on the right of voluntary termination of pregnancy that had been blocked by a judge of first instance this week.
This judgment means that a law text adopted in July in this state and largely calling into question the right to abortion will come into force.
The judgment by the Court of Appeal means that doctors who will practice IVG will have to have a "admitting privilege" with local hospitals.
The admission privilege is the right of a doctor, under his status as a hospital member, to admit a patient in a hospital or a medical center to issue a diagnosis or treatment.
Supporters of the IVG argue that the content of the law risks being translated into an immediate closure of one third of the state's clinics because these clinics have not managed to get this "admitting privilege" for their practitioners.
In total, it would be almost 22,000 women who would be deprived of access to these establishments.
On Monday, a first instance judge had estimated on the eve of the law's entry into force that the provisions dealing with the admitting privilege were anticonstitutional.
But the Attorney General of Texas, the Republican Greg Abbott, who bullshit the post of Governor, asked the Court of Appeal to cancel the judgment of first instance that blocked the application of the law.
A Plenary hearing on this question is planned for January.
New Star succeeded a return in force, side by side, with 1.3 million TV viewers behind their TV position, or 5.6% of the audience.
But was the show at the meeting?
Some 10 000 candidates have presented themselves at the hearings of this 10th season, to face the jury: Marane, the villain, the permission André Manoukian and Olivier Bas.
On Twitter, viewers shared their comments.
About the excitement to find their favorite program, many were disappointed.
But why so much disappointment?
No candidate seems to have really marked during this first premium.
Like every year, the first hearing broadcasts make a wide choice of weird singers, for the better and sometimes for the worst.
But on Twitter, we want show, emotion, originality, music...
Luckily, some people found their account there.
Many of them tried New Star, and sometimes even went to the end.
Behind the TV screens, successful singer songs are still there, season after season.
Others just have the ambition to make laugh.
The court blocks a decision concerning the NYPD control and control policy.
A federal appeal court on Thursday blocked the decision of a judge demanding changes in the control and searches of the police department of New York and her file.
The Court of Appeal of the United States (second circuit) pointed out that the decision of the Judge Scheeindlin was suspended until the end of the call caught by the city.
The judge had decided in August that the city had violated the Constitution following the implementation of its program to control and interrogate citizens.
The city has called for its conclusions and corrective prescriptions, especially a decision to allocate a controller to help the police department to change his policy and the training program associated with him.
The Court of Appeal heard on Tuesday the arguments about the request for suspension.
The Court of Appeal said that the judge had to be drawn from the file because she violated the code of conduct of judges by compromising the need for a judge to avoid any appearance of bias, partly because of a series of interviews granted to the media and public statements in which she publicly responded to criticism from the court..
The judge had decided that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black men and Hispanic origin as part of their control and search program.
She appointed a external controller to oversee the changes, especially the reform of policies, training and supervision, and she ordered the establishment of a pilot program to test body cameras in neighborhoods where the greatest number of controls are taking place.
In August, New York City agreed to put an end to the practice of keeping the names and addresses of people whose case is rejected after police control.
The hearing of the call thrown by the city should take place after 14 March 2014.
The tactic of control and searches has been criticized by many civil rights activists.
This system of control and searches has been in existence for decades in a certain form, but the number of registered checks increased spectacularly under the administration of the independent mayor Michael Bloomberg, to reach his highest historical level in 2011 with 684 330 controls that mainly related to black men and people from hisme. panic.
A judicial action was introduced in 2004 by four men, all from minorities, and turned into collective action.
The supporters of changes in the NYPD control and searches say that they will stop unjust practices, allow for more efficient police forces and to whom we trust, and will be able to change the way police departments use politics.
Opponents say that these changes would undermine the morale of the police without reducing crime, would represent a waste of money and would not solve the wider problem of police under pressure after the police staff have been greatly reduced in the last decade.
The judge stressed that she did not put an end to control and searches, which are constitutional, but reform the way NYPD is implementing its controls.
The tenants have to go to vote because each of them pay on average $100 per month on the price of housing that goes in taxes to the Ville.
When the owner pays $5000 in municipal taxes, he divides this amount between each housing.
We are obliged to increase the rents to help us pay the new taxes.
By voting, we are sending a clear message.
We need to make things change in Ville.
All the candidates told us they would attack the scandalous debt.
We no longer have the means to pay us fireworks at $100 000, land from $4 million to $5 million in case...
Go to vote, it's the best way to express you and say that it's enough.
End of service for the chief cook of the Elysée
Survey in the 500 m2 of electioneers as committed after working in embassy, the cook engraved all the ladder until nine years ago.
He served six French presidents, Georges Pompidou to François Hollande by passing Nicolas Sarkozy, including on their vacation sites, and nurtured an incalculable number of great people in this world in almost anonymous anonymity that he only now brays today, at retirement time, at 60.
The man with open face, crèine dearth and intellectual glasses, born on October 24, 1953 in Ferte-Saint-Aubian is holding a CAP of patisery.
His mother was itself cooking in a castle of Sologna.
"I went from a house the other one!", ironise Bernard Vauriux, who knows not only the wives of the six presidents for which he has unobated, but also their wives and some of their illustrious illustries.
"It's always the head of the state or his partner or wife who chooses menus", remember.
"Chirac was a little more involved, she came directly into kitchen", to the point that she had banned women in the Elysée cousins!
Do not like the heads of state who displayed a relative indifference to terrestrial food, "they're all greedy", denouncing Bernard Vaurie.
Jacques Chirac had "an even more developed appetite".
But with Nicolas Sarkozy, who had deleted cheese, the halls came back empty!
As for François Hollande, who reinstated cheese, "he's someone who likes eat" and "there's little that he doesn't like".
The current head of state, who regained the kilograms lost before the presidential campaign, has "no specific application for a scheme".
Bernard Vauriux also remember the pressure on his shoulder, especially during the State dinners at the Elysée: serve "between 200 and 250 people in an hour."
The night before is almost white.
These people would not understand why there are mistakes.
The now old leader of the Elysée cuisine, who took a glass on Tuesday night with his team, family and friends, goes with a swap at the heart ".François Hollande came to me to greet me".
He said praise.
"His human side has come out", he says.
The leader will be replaced by his deputy, Guillaume Gomez, 35 years, which has been for his part for 17 years at the Elysée.
Get in a house built in 1850 in Quebec
An historic house built in 1850 was prey to fire in the Viux -Quebec Friday lunchtime.
The four homes building, located on the 15 street in the street Hebrert, has been the subject of three alarms with the fire service.
The fire declared on the front, but on the three floor floor of the building.
France Voisle, spokesperson for the protection service against fires in Quebec, specified that the rapid intervention of firemen made it possible to avoid the spread of flames to adjacent buildings, a major challenge for this sector of the city where the buildings are built closer.
The house burned was home to four houses, but no tenant was on the scene at the time of the fire.
The damage has been limited all the time, even if the water has caused damage.
An investigation will be carried out to determine the origin, but the treachers have eliminated the thesis of a criminal act.
The Coup of Wall Street: exit from the second treatment
Martin Sichorese leaves some pictures of his next movie whose title, the title of an ambitious New York broker, is embodied by Leonardo DiCaprio.
Forget about being reasonable and leave your tickets.
Leonardo DiCaprio will discover in her role as a lunch trader.
Martin Sichorese tells us the real story of a "broker broker de Long Island, who refuses to work with the authorities in a vast corruption affair on Wall Street".
In the 1980s, Jordan Belfort then mounts a scam that will make him a rich man rich, very rich.
The opportunity to follow her incredible rise, but also the vertiginous fall that will follow.
Without limits, man gets festival the festivities, women, drugs.
Deadence and excess of all kinds are masters of this crazy story.
The Scenesese-DiCaprio couple seems to have found the magic that united them in Stutter Island.
The way out of the new Siccorese was delayed because of his montage too long.
It seems that the movie finally lasts 2h45.
In room on December 25, he will be able to participate just in the race for spaces.
Coulson used telephone hacking to check a tuyau
The former editor of News of the World Andy Coulson would have used "the hacking, surveillance and confrontation" to try to confirm a bitch tuyau on a link involving the Minister of the Interior then in office, Charles Clarke.
Prourator Andrew Edis QC said in court of the Old Bailey that News of the World heard a false rumor in May 2005 according to which Clarke had a relationship with Hannh Pwlby, his "nice special councillor".
It was pointed out to the courtyard that the newspaper asked Glenn Mulcaire, a private detective, to hack Pwlby's thief box and "planting constantly in front of his door", but Clson also called it and gave him voice messages.
"The accusation suggests that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of NotW, is not the kind of man to stay in front of people's house and hoping them to surprise them, it's the kind of man to present history to people to see what they say", said. I'm saying it's.
He said that NotW used three ways to investigate the subjects: telephone hacking, surveillance and confrontation.
The editor is personally involved in the third.
It's obvious that he is aware of the second, surveillance, he can't be otherwise.
But what about the first?
Is he aware of the telephone hacking?
He says the opposite, but we say "Of course if".
The rumors about a Clarke link were taken first by the NotW office office when a source, having sexual attraction toward Miss Pwlby, said that they told him: "Don't lose your time with her, she's with Charles."
A band, on which the pirated voice messages were recorded on his phone at least three times, was referred to the house of Mulcaire in August 2006.
The investigators also found seizures on the private detective computer that related to Miss Pwlby and her sister row in a file "project".
During the period when the detective investigating her, the grandparents of Miss Pwlby received anonymous calls where they asked them for information on her, added Mr Edit.
Meanwhile, the former reporter Neville Thurlbeck and the former reporter James Weatherup oversaw the surveillance of the minimum facts of Miss Pwlby.
In a voice message he gave him on 18 June 2005, Coulson said: "I have a story that we plan to publish tomorrow that I would really like to talk about at Charles."
He explained that Coulson's involvement in history followed the same pattern as with other important men, such as the former Minister of the Interior, David Bunkekett.
The jury heard Thursday that Clson confronted Mr Blunkett about a link with a married woman while himself co-defender Rebekah Brooks, who was also married at that time.
Couson and Brooks deny having conspired with others to pirate phones between October 3 and 9 August 2006.
Multinational, Thurlbeck and Weaathup have admitted to having hacked a telephone phone.
Barack Obama receives Iraqi Prime Minister, in an upburst of violence.
The American president was expected to receive Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki on Friday 1 November 2013, in search of help from the United States to fight against the strongest wave of violence for five years.
In October, Iraq experienced its most deadly month in five and a half years, according to figures published by the Iraqi authorities on Friday 1.
964 people died in the violence in October, including 855 civilians, 65 police officers and 44 soldiers, and 1 600 people were injured.
The UN gives an even higher balance sheet with 979 deaths and 1 902 injured.
These violence is becoming more and more deadly despite strengthened security measures and large-scale military operations launched for months by the government of Nouri al-Maliki, dominated by the Shiites.
The total number of deaths in October is the highest since April 2008, when 1 073 people had been killed.
Two years after the withdrawal of American troops, the level of violence makes us fear a new conflagration while neighboring Syria is in the throes of civil war.
The bombs strike markets, mosques, marriages and funerals.
Men are shot in the middle of the street or even at home, and the security forces are also the target of frequent attacks.
The growing discontent of the Sunni minority, in power under Saddam Hussein, who complains about being politically marginalized and being the target of unjust arrests, has promoted this violence.
On Friday, new violence killed four people in the north of Iraq, in the wake of the death of at least 26 people in a series of attacks, including the explosion of five cars caught in north Baghdad.
A lot of the violence has been attributed to the Islamic State in Iraq and to the Levant (Edit), a group affiliated with al-Qa'ida (Sunni extremist), also involved in the civil war in Syria.
Nouri al-Maliki wants a "global war" against al-Qa'ida.
The violence is at the center of the talks in the United States of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, who will be received on Friday by President Barack Obama, two years after their previous meeting on 12 December 2011.
At the time, the American president, elected on the promise to end the military engagement in that country, drew up an upsetting picture of the situation.
Since he arrived in Washington Wednesday, Nouri al-Maliki has multiplied the meetings with the executive, and the elected representatives of Congress.
Thursday, he called for the international community to conduct a "third world war" against al-Qa'ida.
The principle of increased assistance for Iraq in terms of security is supported by senators of senators and democrats.
But the latter also criticized Nouri al-Maliki, a Shiite, assigning him the partial responsibility for resuming violence by his "sectarian and authoritarian politics."
They also called on Barack Obama to make Nouri al-Maliki understand that "Iran's pernicious influence within the Iraqi government is a serious problem in our bilateral relationship".
Beijing blames a Uyanmen attack on the Tiananmen attack.
The Chinese internal security leader accused a group of Uyghur separatists from Xinjiang on Friday to be behind the car bomb attack that made five deaths in the Tiananmen place in the center of Beijing Monday.
The vehicle, a SUVs, hassled the crowd that was on the famous place of the Chinese capital, symbol of the murderous repression carried out in 1989, and took fire killing its three passengers and two passants.
Deng Jianizhu, a member of the political office responsible for internal security, accused the Islamic movement of East Turkean.
Many Uyghurs, a Turkish-speaking minority installed in Xinjiang, call this Chinese province into East Turkean.
For the Chinese government, this movement is responsible for the frequent outbreak of violence that is taking place there by independent claims.
"The violent terrorist incident that took place in Beijing was organized and premeditated", said Meng at the honor channel, Phoenix TV.
"The group that took place behind the scenes was the Islamic movement of East Turkean", he added, he added, his words were taken up by the new China agency.
The Chinese police identified the driver of the vehicle whose name suggests it is of Uyghur and specified that his wife and mother were with him in the car.
The latter also included stories filled with gasoline and flag with Orthodox religious enrollment.
The incident made 42 injured.
The Islamic movement of East Turkean is seen as a terrorist organization by the United States and the United Nations.
The Vatican is thinking about contraception, divorce and homosexuality.
The Vatican has started leading a big survey around the world about how the parks manage sensitive issues like contraception, divorce and couples trained by people of the same sex.
The survey asks participants how priests care about gay couples and their children, and how they treat men and women who live together without being united by marriage links.
The survey was sent in mid-October at every national conference of bishops, with the instructions to get as many answers as possible.
The information will be used for an important rally on the family that François plans next year.
The news was reported on Thursday by the "National Catholic Report", an independent Catholic newspaper of the United States.
A spokesperson for the Catholic Conference of Catholic Bishops in the United States confirmed that the document was authentic and that every bishops decide how to sound parisisians.
In the United Kingdom, bishops have published the internet survey by asking Catholics to participate.
DRC: the army attack the last rebellious of the rebels.
Unreducable M23, or some hundreds of fighters, were retrenched at about 2000 meters of altitude on the farm hills of Chancellor, Runyonyi and Mbuzi, close to Bunagana and Jomba, two localities located around 80 km north of the north. Goma, the capital of the North Kivu province.
"It has not stopped this morning, the fighting is continuing despite the night", indicated to the AFP an inhabitant of Jomba, joint phone at 12.30 p.m. and according to which a girl was shot by bullet in the morning.
"The intensity of the clashes has reduced a bit", he added, "It seems that the FARDC Forces Forces of the DRC have pushed the rebels a little".
According to this witness wishing to remain anonymous, the soldiers had "spent the night" in Jomba before rising to the front for a "operation of racing".
We heard very clearly behind him the creations that were fed with light weapons.
From Bundagana, the political fiefdom and the last strong place of the rebellion fell on Wednesday, a journalist from the AFP could hear heavy arms detonations.
According to one source to the United Nations Mission for the Stabilization of the DRC, the fighting went "in a final phase", the FARDC having "surrounded the positions of M23 residual positions to remove them".
Since the recovery, Friday, the clashes between the Movement of 23 Mars (Mars) and the army, Monusco does not directly participate in the fighting, but it provides government troops with decisive support for intelligence, observation and planning.
At the end of the afternoon, several dozen soldiers, well received in ammunition, went to the front line.
They were armed with kalachnikov and rocket launchers.
A little earlier, on the road leading to Bunagana, the border post with Uganda, aided soldiers charted a multifaceted rocket charted on a flat truck, nine of the FARDC, in order to guarantee the fall of another gigantic pill piling the positions of the Mount. 23 on the hills.
Congolese president, Joseph Kabila, called on the rebels once again to "demobilise voluntarily" pain to be disarmed "by force", but let the process of Kampala open, where Kinshasa and M23 have been discussing since December without results for the Now.
On the ground, the political leaders of M23 hope to reach an agreement.
"We finished the talks, there's only the Ugandan mediation to organize the signature", said Roger Lumbaa, deputy chairman of the M23 delegation, without this information being confirmed immediately on the government side.
M23 was born of a mutilation, in April 2012, former rebels, essentially Tutsi, integrated into the army in 2009 after a peace agreement.
The UN and Kinshasa regularly accuses Uganda and Rwanda to support M23, which Kigigi and Kampala refute.
North Kivu is one of the most densely populated regions of the DRC, and its subsoil is full of coveted mining resources.
In Bundagana, on the Ugandan side of the border, where around 5 000 people took refuge between Monday and Wednesday according to the UN, the movement back to the DRC that had started in the morning reversed in the middle day.
"This morning we went back to our fields, but the soldiers told us to replicate us", indicated to the AFP Imelda Nyeankuli, surrounded by its nine children, including one on the back.
We get the impression that shots come closer to the people.
At the beginning of the evening, dozens of inhabitants crossed the border, some with a mattress on the head, to spend the night in Uganda.
The musical comedy, this stage of stage
Classics, sophisticated, popular, English or French productions, song and danced productions take off.
After Broadway and London, Paris finally finds its voice.
It's a revolution: the French musical claims to be a success story.
Long, from Nox de Paris to Mozart the opera opera opera, most attempts would be prevented.
And the success stories like Cabarlet or the Missies related to the halle of mystery.
The arrival of Jean-Luc Choplin in Castellet and Sage - - Enterroment in Mogador changed the situation.
Today, these two scenes are running the titles as successful tubes.
The first takes up, this Christmas, its excellent My Fair and announces to follow the global creation of "an American in Paris".
In Mogador, "La Belle and Beast" may be one of the success stories of the season.
On the other scenes, musical spectacles like "1789", "the amants of the Bastille" and the small musical comedies like "Disco" or "Life and Times" put themselves in the line of success and quality.
Patrick Niedo, author of the reference book "History of musical comediaries" and confer on the theatre of Châtellet, analyzes the reasons for the hard-won success.
How do French musical comediaries develop?
The offer has multiplied.
First there are the "musical spectacles" that evolve as producers...
Some use - nice projections of images and a real story like in 1789, the Amants of the Bastille.
Others make a leap of fifteen years back on the pretext that we can serve almost - anything when we have Matt - Pokora in front of the poster.
Then we have musical comedians with the sompous productions of Chastellet that make us relive the golden age of Broadway and discover the universe of Stephen Sondheim, the biggest living composer.
Survey - Protertment of Anglo-Saxon musical comedians of Anglo-Saxon comedians by adapting them in French.
The independent French producers are trying a - let's go by way.
But ongoing projects like "Rent", "The Beer of the woman Armed" or "Le Aveil of the - spring" has trouble being financed.
Do we have enough artists capable like Broadway as a singer, playing and dance?
In Paris, when there are eight musical spectacles in a season, it's a big year.
We have 200 talent artists who turn projects into projects.
In the United States, cradle of the musical comedy, it's very different.
Young people are trained in these professions in many schools.
There are many jobs between regional theatres, tour, Broadway, off-Brospaway...
The tale of talent is as consistent as the number of positions to be filled.
Why do the provincial people have so much success?
With the exception of the opera, the province remains the poor relation of culture in France.
Few theatre parts leave in tour and it is often the - theatre of boulevard for adults and not for young adults.
musical spectacles plug this - lack.
These same young people like telereality and what it produces as ephemeral stars...
Proposing beautiful young men (often talented) in front of posters of a musical show, it is the insurance of these young girls and often of their entire family.
The Facebook pages of these spectacles are sorely suppressed by professionals who answer questions.
These spectacles are very expected when they arrive in a province of province.
Myononnaise is rising in Paris and disgusted by provincials.
Show is designed to enter all the big France rooms in the same form as in Paris.
A serious injured person in an accident with a ghost driver on the ring of Brussels
A road accident made a serious wounded, Friday morning at 530 hours, on the internal ring of Brussels at the height of Hoeilaart, in direction of Waterloo.
A driver's car has been lost by a ghost driver, who is unscathed by him.
The ring was closed until 9: 00, where the accident was, the time that the road is removed and an expert determines the circumstances of the accident.
This situation has not, however, caused a lot of traffic jams because the accident took place at the height of the Hoeilaart exit.
The movement could therefore have been deviated by this exit / entry / entry.
A child seriously wounded in an attractive Disneyland Paris attraction
A five-year-old child was seriously injured following an accident on an attraction at Disneyland Paris.
His vital prognosis is no longer committed but he is still hospitalized.
At the time of the fall, the boy was with his father on a attractive "Pirates of the Caribbean" boat.
She was closed until new order.
DRC: the army prepares a new assault
Children play on a carbon joke that belonged to the rebels of M23, in Kbuses, on October 31, 2013, in the east of the DRC.
The Congolese army was preparing for a new assault on Friday against the last bastions of the rebels of M23, Bundagana, in the east of the DRC.
The objective is to remove the M23 hills that surround Bundagana.
Yesterday, we took the Buina colline, which overshadows that of Mbuzi.
Today, Mbuzi should fall by itself.
There's only the Runyonyi colline left.
"Celle de Chancellor is not very strategic", indicated the AFP Governor the Governor of North Kivu, Julian Paluku.
Mr Paluku plans to go on Saturday a Bundagana.
Politics and the last strong place of the rebellion, this locality is located at the Ugandan border, at about 80 km north of Goma.
It was taken on Wednesday by the armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Wednesday.
Since then, a few hundred irducible M23, are retrenched to almost 2,000 meters of altitude on Channel's hills, Runyonyi and Mbuzi, close to Bunagana and the neighbor local of Joma.
A Joma, an inhabitant who had reported about fighting near Thursday during all day, said that the situation was "calm since this morning".
According to him, a woman and her child were killed by the fighting before and were buried.
A girl was injured by bullet, and three other people were injured, whose FARDC FARDC added this witness quoted by the AFP.
Since the recovery of fighting between FARDC and rebels on October 25, both sides have given no account of the loss of human life.
The NSA revelations increase the paranoia of companies with regard to state surveillance.
By a beautiful day at the end of August, a German police helicopter flying at low altitude the British consulate in Frankfurt, Germany's financial capital.
On order of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), the German National Intelligence Agency, its mission was to photograph the roof of the American front post, located less than 5 km from the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank.
The German media explain that the BfV was hoping to identify the presence of listeners and that the operation gave rise to an exchange between the United States and the Foreign Ministry of Germany in Berlin.
James Claper, the director of the American intelligence services, insisted again in September that the United States does not use their foreign intelligence capabilities to "steal industrial secrets from foreign companies for American companies to increase their international competitiveness or increase their profits".
But since Edward Snowden, the consultant who became whistle-blower, started to unveil his inexhaustible treasure of information about the secrets of the surveillance of the United States, European governments and business leaders don't know if you should believe the director on word.
Reports, according to which the National Security Agency has spy on the Brazilian oil company Petrobras and has had access to data held by American providers of storage services in Cloud, especially Google and Yahoo, have given rise to the paranoid more than ever. Companies of companies with regard to state surveillance.
The revelation that German Chancellor Angela Merkel's phone had been pirated, maybe even for a decade, was the last straw that broke the camel's back.
If the most powerful person in Europe can be targeted, then business managers are surely also potential targets.
Snowden has made transparent the intensive collaboration between American intelligence services and companies.
I think it is inconceivable that these data are used in their mutual interest.
"Germany must wake up", says Oliver Grn, president of BITMi, who represents German SMEs in the IT sector.
German companies think that the United States represents a risk as important as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft, according to an investigation published in July by the advice cabinet EY.
However, in all the documents unveiled by Mr Snowden, there is nothing to indicate to date that the United States has sent industrial secrets from foreign companies to American companies.
Politicians expressed their concern about the idea that the EU does not have sufficient computer and internet capabilities and think that it should try to reduce its dependence on the United States.
Entrepreneurs are skeptical about this.
A deputy from the German parliament says that we should create a German Google.
I can only close my eyes and reopen them slowly...
"It's not the right way to do it", says Hasso Platner, president of the German company company, SAP.
If we wanted a strong European IT industry, then we should not let it die 20 years ago.
Everything is subsidized in Germany, from coal to cars, to farmers.
Everything but the IT industry.
Yet the scale and sophisticated of American spying agencies exposed by the Snowden revelations were a shock for some companies that thought until then that China represented the biggest risk in terms of surveillance.
A big change is happening in the cloud computer because European leaders became aware of the fact that data kept in the United States are governed by the laws of this jurisdiction and therefore potentially vulnerable.
According to a survey carried out by the Cloud Security Alliance, a professional organization, about 10% of non-American members renounced their plans to use an American supplier of storage services in the cloud after revelations on the American program of data exploration Prism.
Jim Snabe, co-director of SAP, says: "Our clients are asking us a question they did not ask us a year ago: where my data are kept and can you assure me that they will remain physically in this jurisdiction?"
Many German leaders indicate that the latest reports are only confirmation of what they already knew, that powerful states want to steal their most precious secrets and that these data must therefore be kept at all costs.
It's not surprising that there are economic espionage.
There have always been.
"It's a recurring theme for many years and nothing has changed fundamentally in the current discussion." says Kurt Bock, director general of the chemical company BASF.
Americans spy on us on the commercial and industrial level as well as spying them on, because it's in the national interest to defend our companies.
Entrepreneurs are generally unlikely to reveal the prevention measures they have put in place, in case it leaves an opponent advantage.
Big companies have long been hampering the message that it is, to say the least, unwise to recover a USB key at a professional room or to leave a laptop computer without surveillance in a hotel room.
Ulich Hackenberg, a member of the board of directors of the car manufacturer Audi, says that collecting mobile phones before council meetings, so that they cannot be used as a distance eavesdropping devices, is a common practice for years.
Germany's BFV advises its leaders to consider using simple mobile phones prepaid during their trips abroad because of the risk of damage to the smartphone.
High-paid mobile phones are then thrown away.
However, we fear that small and medium-sized companies are still vulnerable to pirating and monitoring.
In Germany, many SMEs are world leaders in their particular niche.
"SMEs often lack experience, staff and financial resources to effectively protect their industrial secrets against unauthorised access", warn the BfV in a report.
The United States alerts their own companies on the economic espionage activities carried out by other countries.
The National Intelligence Estimate (NIE) carried out in February by the United States, cited France, as well as Russia and Israel, guilty second to having carried out acts of hacking of economic intelligence, behind China, according to The Washington Post.
A member of the board of a renowned German company thought that when it comes to economic espionage, "the French are the worst".
Bernard Squarcini, former French director of the French Internal Intelligence, the DCRI, said in an interview this month: "The services know perfectly well that all countries, even if they collaborate in the fight against terrorism, spy on their allies."
The parents of a teenager in Georgia, who died in unusual circumstances, think that their son was killed.
The parents of a teenager of Georgia, whose body was found in a rug struggle in the gymnase of his high school, think that their son was killed, declared the family lawyer Thursday.
Kendrick Johnson, de Valdosta in Georgia, was found on 11 January stuck in a carpet that supported behind the gymnase's graddins from his high school.
The sheriff investigators in Lowndes concluded that Johnson had died in unusual circumstances, but the family of the young boy of 17 years old challenges these conclusions.
"They're absolutely certain that their son was killed", said Benjamin Crup, the lawyer representative Kenneth and Johnson, on FoxNews.com.
They never thought that he was dead as is indicated in the sheriff conclusions.
"They think it challenges any logic, the laws of physics and common sense" added Crup.
They are convinced that these conclusions were delivered for the sole purpose of covering the or those responsible for the death of their son.
"They sent their son to school with a cartable and they returned to a mortuary bag", he added.
The US public prosecutor Michael Moore said Thursday that he was carrying out an official investigation into the death of Johnson, pointing out that several important questions remained unanswered.
What is the cause of death?
Is her death the result of a criminal act?
Moore expressed itself at a press conference Thursday afternoon.
I'm going to follow up the facts, wherever they lead.
My objective is to discover the truth.
"I consider that there is a sufficient basis" to open an official investigation, he said.
More told journalists that the first autopsy indicated that Johnson had died by "positional asphyxia."
However, a second autopsy has identified another cause of death, according to Moore.
"Several questions still deserve an answer or confirmation", he said.
Moore added that if it unites elements of nature to justify a civil or criminal investigation on the death of Johnson, he will ask the FBI to lead it.
The representative of the office of the sheriff of the county of Lowndes was not available to give us his opinion when we contacted him Thursday.
A South Georgia judge ordered Wednesday to the authorities to submit all the videosurveillance records that the investigators had examined.
The parents of the teenager said they hope that video images contain clues about the circumstances of his death.
The CDC publishes advice on allergies in children for schools.
Wednesday, the American Centre for Disease Control and Prevention has published a series of directives showing how to manage children's food allergies at school.
This is the first series of guidelines that the American government publishes, since the number of children in school age suffering from food allergies has soared.
One out of 20 children in the United States today suffers from a food allergy.
The CDC discovered that the prevalence of food allergies in children increased by 18% between 1997 and 2007.
The guide contains information for schools about how to raise the level of professor and food allergies for children, and how to treat them in the event of allergic reaction.
It also recommends the schools to have a stock of trickiine – the brand self-injector EpiPen being the most commonly used – to be able to react quickly in the case of potentially deadly anapilaxy.
The legislative assemblies of states have recently updated the regulations to allow schools to have more easily the trickine in stock.
The report also includes a list of typical symptoms provided by children who have an allergic reaction.
Children can say, "I get the impression that something makes me feel the language", "I feel like having a hair on the language" or "I have pipes on the language".
The NSA affair highlights the total lack of debate on intelligence.
How to explain the contradictory attitude of the French Government, which on one side is offended in public by summoning the United States ambassador on 21 October, and the other banned overflying by the Boliel presidential plane, on the basis of the rumor of the presence on his board Edward Snowden?
In my opinion, there are two levels of response from the French Government.
When François Hollande phone to Barack Obama or when Foreign Minister Laurent Fabilus calls the United States ambassador, they react to a real discovery, which is the size of the American surveillance of all communications in France.
Is it not surprising to read in Le Monde's columns a few weeks from now on the one hand the reproduction of American diplomatic correspondence and on the other hand a sentence of the taps of the Quai d'Orsay by the NSA?
Is there not a wave of hypocrisy on your part?
journalistic approach is not a moral position, but the search for the interest and relevance of information that allows every citizen to form an opinion.
When WikiLeaks takes the veil about the analysis by American diplomacy of political or other issues around the world, we do indeed consider that, compared to American power, it's an important lighting.
When we describe American interception systems against French diplomacy in the United States, it's by no means to outrage us with this practice, it's to describe the world as it is.
Has France benefited from information provided by the NSA concerning terrorist operations aimed at our interests?
Can we deprive ourselves of American collaboration?
The establishment of ten years of very powerful technological tools by the United States, but also by France, was officially justified by the fight against terrorism.
Also, in this area, France and the United States in particular have put in place procedures for cooperation and exchange of information almost daily and which are described on both sides as essential.
For example, the presence of Mohammed Merah in the tribal zones in Miranshah was reported to the French thanks to the NSA means.
France can be led, for example, to transmit entire data blocks on the Sahel region to American services, and in return - as we already said quickly - Americans can give information to the French people in other parts of the world.
So the fundamental question behind this NSA affair is not so much the ability or the right of countries to equip themselves with interception tools, that the question of the total lack of prior debate, especially in the parliament, on the justification of such systems, the perimeter that must be theirs, and in the end., the question of violations of liberties.
What is the real risk for the United States? A deterioration in their image?
We can all denounce them, I don't see how they can be punished.
The risk that the Americans run may be double.
The first is when their allies - and it was the case recently - learned that their leaders, sometimes at the top of their state, have been watched.
This is the case with Brazil and Germany, two countries where diplomatic relations with the United States have strained.
Another effect may be more economical: more and more European or South American companies are balking, in the light of the revelations, to give their confidential data to American providers subject to American laws, and therefore to the takeover of the NSA.
Last point: the wide movement of revelations committed by media from all over the world, which helps to initiate a debate on the monitoring practices of intelligence services so almost non-existent, could encourage legislators, including Americans, to reconsider the powers they have given to their intelligence services.
Parents of intersexualized children can choose "undefined sex".
Germany has become the first European nation to recognize a third sex for babies born with ambiguous sexual bodies.
The male or female of the new born will no longer be awarded them in a rigid way at birth.
Under the new law, parents will no longer be required to declare the sex of their children, allow them to register a sex "involuntary" or "unspecified" on his birth certificate.
The purpose of the law was to remove the pressure on parents who could take hasty decisions about sexual reassignment surgery for their babies, and to fight against discrimination against intersexuated people.
According to the BBC, an intersexué person would have said years later, "I'm neither a man nor a woman."
I'm going to stay the patchwork created by doctors, contusies and balaffré.
It is estimated that one out of 2 000 born every year is neither a guy nor a girl.
They are intersexualized, intersexuality is part of the group of the 60 diagnostics diagnosed as disorder of sexual development, a generic term referring to people with chromosomes or blogs (ovar or testicular) or sexual bodies abnormally developed..
Diana Simpson could have been intersexually intersexted.
Sexual identifier is still not understood, but most specialists in the United States say that when sex cannot be defined, it is better to use the best available information to give it, then wait and follow the child's physical and physical development before considering a surgical, if necessary.
Drack Jack Drescher, psychiatrist in New York and specialist in sexual identifier, said that the new German law "seems to be a good idea".
Intersexualized children pose an ethical dilemma.
"Some people suffer from extremely serious diseases that require surgery, but this isn't the case for most children," he added.
It is possible to make a sexual assignation without operation, and see how identity develops.
The science of knowing how a child will develop sexual identity is not very precise.
Nobody can answer the question of why it happens.
It's like the mystery surrounding homosexual people.
A report submitted to the European Commission in 2011 described people intersexualized as different from transgender or transgender people, since their status is not related to sex but rather to their biological constitution, which is neither man nor exclusively that of a woman, but is usually both at the same time. and not clearly defined as one or the other.
These features may be manifested themselves in the secondary sexual character, (like the muscular mass, the piloting, the chickens and the stature), the primary sexual character (like reproducing bodies and sexual bodies) or the structure of chromosomes and hormones.
The report also gave an overview of the discrimination faced by intersexually and transgender people in the field of employment, as well as the extent of acts of harassment and violence and crimes motivated by prejudice.
Young girls of a non-compliant gender now have camps that are especially destined for them.
Australia and Nepal already allow adults to register gender, feminine or "third sex" on their official documents.
In June, an 22-year-old Australia, Nore May-Welby, became the first person in the world to have been "neutral" after having won his appeal trial that authorizes him to keep a sex "unspecified" for life.
German passports will include a third designation next to M or F - X for intersexué, according to the Ministry of the Interior.
In neighboring France, gender issues are still the subject of controversy, according to a report broadcast on France 24.
In 2011, dozens of legislators in this fundamentally Catholic country signed a petition so that the "gender theory" is removed from school books.
The American site Catholic also opposed the German law, writing that "since the world is dragging on in a new rule where gender is a choice but sexual activity is not one, two other pillars of civilisation."
In Maryland, the mother of a baby also said on Baby Zone that she would prefer a sex to be awarded to babies for their birth.
"The role of parent is sufficiently stressful without additional restrictions, especially if you don't know the sex of your child", she said on the site for young parents.
Children need stability and certainty.
Historically, children born without male or female sexual bodies were called Hermaprodite, according to the name of the beautiful Greek god who had a dual sex.
And barely a dozen years ago, the medical community considered the gender an ardues, which can be erased and on which we can redesign.
But now, many people question the ethical basis of surgery, knowing that sexual identity is complex and that sometimes doctors can wrong, don't know how a child will feel sexual reassignment when it increases.
"In the middle of the 20th century, we called this an emergency psychiatric emergency", said Drescher.
When these children were born, we didn't call the psychiatrist, we phone the surgeon.
The dominant theory about how to treat children with ambiguous sexual bodies was launched by Dr. John Money, university Johns-Hopkins, who considered the gender to be malleable.
He devoted the term "sexual identity" and supported that social and environmental signals - how parents bring up a child - interact with a child's genes and hormones to design him so that he is identified as male or female.
But in a case of 1966, known as "John / Joan", his theories gave rise to controversy.
He advised the parents of a little boy whose pens had been cut off during a botched circumcision to do it completely, also taking him away from the testicular, and raising him like a girl.
"Money presented this as a successful transition case, but it was not the case", said Drescher.
At the age of 15, he became a boy again and married with a woman.
But 38 years old, he committed suicide.
Drescher said that some doctors "always" repeat this model ".
But in the 1990's, with the arrival of the internet, those who lived through these sex change operations say "they're not satisfied with the result."
This is the case of Jim Bruce, a 33-year old writer from Montana, who was born with male chrosms XY but from ambiguous sexual bodies.
Doctors could not really say if he had a large cliché or a small pens and were convinced that he could never have a "satisfactory life" as a man.
So soon after its birth in 1976, Bruce suffered a surgery from the external body and testicular and was raised like a girl.
They were made to take feminine hormones at the age of 12.
"I knew I was not a girl," he said on ABCNewscom.
I was not happy, but it was really difficult to ask questions.
At 18, he endured a vaginlashie.
But depressed and realized that something was wrong, he asked for his medical file.
What he discovered horrified.
I was sterilized at birth - and no one ever told me.
Bruce was born with a sexual development mess (DDS) that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone so that his sexual bodies could develop.
Having learned the truth, he has become a man again, following a treatment of testosterone and getting rid of her breasts.
The surgery made it sterile.
Today, he defends the cause of others in an organization called Interface Interface, which tries to normalize the perception of intersexuals.
But Anne Tamar-Matis, Managing Director of the non-profit organization based in California Advocate for Informal Choice, fears that the German law "invites labelling and stigmatisation."
"Many activists worry that German law encourages parents to take quick decisions and give their child a" involuntary "sex", she said.
We are afraid that she will encourage interventions.
We think it would be better to attribute a male or female sex, and wait.
But we didn't see what the law would give, so we can only put forward hypotheses.
Taar-Matis has said that his organization supports Australia's law because "it authorizes adults to choose to be recognised under the third sex".
"adults should be able to make their own decisions about a legal kind", she added.
The German law concerns the award of sex at birth.
This is not a battle that young children should lead to that age.
When they grow, they will be able to take decisions about their own body.
But Drlene Baratz, radiologists specialized in mammographs in Pittsburgh, whose daughter is affected by a sexual development mess and who helps thousands of people in a support group, said that the German law "will take responsibility" the parents and the Children.
The daughter of Dratz, Kdiplomacy, was born with male chromosomes, but suffers from a DDS called DDS, which is completely insensitive to androgen.
Because of the failure of his androgen receptors, Kdiplomacy developed feminine traits.
She has a vagin, but not a pie or ovar.
Today, 29 years old, Kdiplomacy is married and internal to infant psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania.
Although it is sterile, it hopes to have children through adoption services or beating mothers.
"The law leaves a certain latitude to parents so that they don't have to take hasty decisions", said Baratz.
This gives them time to do certain tests and understand them, and a deadline before including "male" or "feminine".
So, everything goes well - you can raise your child and love it.
You have a beautiful baby and enjoy the pleasure of being parent.
You don't need to rush for a surgical intervention that is irreversible.
"This puts children at the heart of the decision and dilutes the feeling of anxiety that motivates parents because they're afraid of not doing what you need," she said.
Finally, the child will decide with which sex he / she feels the most comfortable / most comfortable - and it's something amazing.
This allows the child to take the decision for himself.
Leaked in the longevity of his government.
Italian Council president Enrico Letta judge that his government will hold until 2015 despite the strong tensions between left and right within the ruling coalition approaches the Senate vote to remove Silvio Berlusconi from his mandate.
In an interview with the daily La Stampa, the center leader says "firmly the intention" to continue governing with his coalition until the next general elections in 2015.
The upper house of the Italian parliament will meet during this month to decide the fate of the former president of the Council convicted for tax evasion in August.
Silvio Berlusconi threatens to remove his support for the government if the Senate, where he has more opponents than supporters, pronounces his removal.
But part of its camp, grouped around the National Secretary of the People's Freedom of Freedom (PDL) Angelino Alfano, continues to support the government, as demonstrated on 2 October last year his refusal to give in to Berlusconi's orders that already wanted to make the cabinet fall.
The L.A. Times reports that an agent of the American Transport Agency, TSA, and a suspect have been wounded during the exchange of fire.
firefighters called at the scene of the drama claimed that they responded to a call that said "multiple wounded".
"The forces of order are there, specifies the airport on its Twitter account, while television images showed people evacuated in ambulances.
"There was a shooting", told the AFP a spokesperson for the American Agency for Transport Security (TSA).
The local antenna of ABC showed a person evacuated on a plug, and a second transported on a wheelchair.
The incident took place at 9.30 local (at 12.30 p.m. in Montreal) at the terminal 3 of the airport, it also specified the airport.
The Los Angeles Times specifies that teminals 2 and 3 are in the process of being evacuated.
The spokesman of the TSA was not able to confirm in the short term if one of his employees was injured.
All flights to the arrival and departure of the airport have been suspended.
The Israeli army kills a member of the Hamas in Gaza-sthese.
Attacks of Israeli tanks killed a militant Islamic militant of Hamas on Thursday and seriously injured another in the south of the Gaza strip, have learned from sources of health services.
A source from Hamas explained that fighting broke out in this region, because Israeli tanks crossed the border and were targeted by your attacks on morals.
The Israeli army has limited itself to talking about a "targeted action" in the area close to a tunnel called "terrorist" by the Hebrew State, digressed at the border and whose discovery was announced mid-October.
Report: The Obama campaign considered to be leaving Biden for Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama's closest advisers have planned, in the greatest secret, to replace Vice President Joe Biden by Hillary Clinton on the 2012 list, according to the New York Times.
This revelation is the most significant event that appears in the very waiting book of Mark Halperin's 2012 campaign and John Heillemann, "Down: Go Change 2012".
The Times got a copy of the book to appear and told Thursday night that the president's close collaborators had conducted "thorough work in groups and opinion polls at the end of 2011" to see if the eviction of Biden could help Obama with a view to re-election while his hopes drunk.
According to the political correspondent of Times Jonathan Martin, the book offers a detailed analysis of the work of the high officials of the campaign and of the White House, namely former Secretary General of the White House Bill Dey, aiming to measure what effect the replacement of the Vice-President by the former Secretary of State could have on the ballot.
The possibility of an exchange is a secret that was fiercely guarded in Chicago's Campaign of Chicago and inside the Ovale Bureau.
Only half a dozen close advisers to the president – especially Deep, the former president of Obama ’ s campaign leader Jim Messina and the former councillors in the White House David Axelrod and David Plouffe – knew that the change was under consideration.
"Down Down" says that Dey led the charge to replace Biden, despite their "close personal links", before finally deciding against change when the numbers showed that having Clinton on the presidential list "doesn't clearly improve Obama's chances of success."
In an interview with Martin, Dey confirmed that the administration had indeed planned to replace Biden by Clinton.
"I said that I had looked at a whole series of questions, and it was one of them", said Dealy in the newspaper.
Remember that at that time, the president was not in shape, so we were told, "Lord, what can we do?"
While Deey called the "concerté" examination, Martin indicated at Anderson Cooper of CNN that the re-election campaign had invested a lot to discover if change would be beneficial during the ballot.
"The countryside does not spend a lot of money on surveys and discussion groups unless they seriously consider taking measures" said Martin on AC360.
However, we don't know if Obama was aware that his team was considering replacement.
Martin said on CNN that he asked Dey if his boss was aware of the possible reshuffle.
Although Dey said he did not think the president did not think "knew" about possible change, the former Secretary General admitted that he was "possible" that Obama knew.
Martin added that "Down" did not definitively answer the question of whether the political polls arrived on the Obama office.
Cooper asked Martin if he seriously thought that Obama did not know that the ouster of Biden from the presidential list was examined.
"Maybe", "replied".
Do you want a fluo ice?
A British entrepreneur created the first fluorrescente ice in the world.
Charlie Francis has benefited from the fluorescent properties of this marine animal to develop a luminescent collation.
He had the idea after reading a study on the mouths and convinced Chinese scientists to recreate the brilliant protein.
The ice cream reacts with the language by increasing the PH of the protein to make it shit.
Chris explains that, since the cream cream is starting to read when she responds to the heat of the mouth, the more we leave, the more brilliant it becomes.
Charlie, the founder of the slide society "Lick Me m", said: "It's something amazing, but we're still only in the beginning in terms of production, and 2 g of this thing costs about £200."
The protein we use in the ice reacts with the neutral pH language.
So when your mouth is heating up the protein, the level of pH increases and the ice starts to shit.
We tried it in recent months and it seemed appropriate to share it with everyone at the time of Hallween because it gives an extraordinary brilliant effect.
It's probably the most expensive ice I created because the bad guys are worth four times more expensive than gold.
So every boom costs me about £140m.
But it's pretty good taste!
The company with Charlie's experimental approach, based in Bristol, is known for its unusual glacial fragrances such as beer, cheese, beef and the golden leaf.
But its next creation is becoming even more ambitious.
He added: "I would really like to develop an invisible ice."
It's intrinsically impossible because of the curse caused by icy crèches that are the ice cream, but I think I'll find a way to do it.
The ice uses the fluorescent properties of the meduse synthetified by Chinese scientists.
Lou reed is dead during a tai session.
The Lou reed is dead when he was carrying out tai exercises, revealed his wife Laharie Anderson on Thursday in a letter published by the Regional newspaper "East Hampton Star" and destined for the inhabitants of the city of Springs, where the couple had a house.
The artist died last Sunday, 71 years old.
"He died on Sunday morning when he watched the trees and made the famous 21st movement of tai french, with his hands as a musician who filed the air", writes Lerie Anderson.
Lou reed was masterminded, a Chinese martial art art.
The wife of the singer also explains that she promised her husband the week before her death to get him out of the hospital and take him to their house in Springs (Long Island).
I spent a lot of time here in recent years and I spent a lot of time.
And even if we are city dwellers, it's our spiritual house.
"Lou was a prince and a fighter, and I know that his songs about the pain and beauty of the world will transmit to many people the great joy of living that he had", Does it add.
Lou reed last May a liver graft.
Hallaweed 2013: In figures
When I was small, Hallween was magic.
My sister and me were allowed to eat sweets, go to sleep late and disguise us to go to the neighborhood.
Today, I've become more pingy.
In the last two years, I have not distributed one single good and I will certainly not do it any more this year.
But the internships show that I'm the black sheep when we talk about Hallween.
The majority of Americans - 158 million of them in fact - celebrate Halween this year, spending a total of $6.9 per good bonus, disgusting and decorations, according to the National Retail Federation.
What I'm looking forward to at every party of Hallween is the tendencies.
The disguise should represent $1.2 of the $6.9 billion spent, according to the NRF.
This year, inanimated extortionate objects are fun.
Women no longer need to be sexy professionals; they can also be sexy food like pizzas, hamburgers and carrots.
As for men, I expect to see many zombies, thanks to the TV series The Walking Dead series, and I bet that the men in the Soft Punk area will be among our photos Instgram this year.
According to Google, the most sought-after disgusts are zombies, Batman, pirates and witches.
I suppose there's no harm in staying traditional.
We disguised our dogs last year and, to my astonishment, they were not the only ones.
In fact, Americans will spend $330 M on animals this year, according to the NRF.
It makes many curious dogs disguised in hotdogs.
When it is a question of sweets, we don't sleep.
Americans will spend $1.9 in sweets this year, according to the cabinet Nielsen.
This represents about 272 million kg of Hershey, sugar, Milk Duds, Twizzlers and Clark bars.
It's a great news for the 41 million children who go to the hunt for sweets in their neighborhood, according to the American Department of Commerce.
In fact, we are going to buy and, don't tell us stories, consume 41 million kg of chocolate during Hallween.
corn sweets are the only thing we do not want to eat; and yet almost 16 million kg are sold for Hallween, according to the National Confriction Association.
This represents about 9 billion corn grains.
It's a mystery that I have not yet managed to clarify.
Nothing is more representative of Hallween than the houses hailed.
They wear the best names, like "Terror Behd the Wils" (which is actually a real prison), "How-O-Scream" and "The House of Shuck."
In fact, there are 1 200 Handed houses officially recognised in the United States, which generates around 500 M of recipes, according to the Americas. Upper, and it includes these wonderful photos of you on that that your friends put on Facebook and you can't take away from it. and on which a type that you like well leave a comment on the "nice head" style.
Finally, let's talk about cement.
Charlie Grose presented to us La Grose Croille when we were a kid, and sculpting a céroille in the form of launterne, it's like decorating a Christmas tree. It's something we're doing since we've been a little small.
Luckily for us, the "Bé-icillille trend" started only last year thanks to Pinteris, so most of us have sculpted these potions and have not had to sit in it.
This year, Americans will spend about $106 M in cirols, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
The cement workers who flowed slowly on your house's pore were probably coming from Illinois, where 542 million cement rocks were grown this year.
If you try to make you more noticeable, call Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa, in California, and try to scrap their cas of 922 kg.
Royal Bank of Scotland will create an abatement structure internally ("bad bank") grouping £38 billion (45 billion euros) of the most risky assets, measure to relax its relations with London and speed up its reprivatization.
The bank wants to reduce from 55% to 70% the proportion of dubious assets in its balance sheet in the next two years and hopes to clean it completely within three years.
RBS also said that it would include a provision for depreciation of the additional dubious debts of £4 to 4.5 billion in the quarter, a writing linked to the constitution of the cantoning structure.
RBS also specified that this internal restructuring would release from £10 to 11 billion capital pounds, thereby strengthening its lending ability.
The bank and London stressed that the "bad bank" would make it possible to draw a line from the past, with the government in particular being accused of interference in the management of RBS.
"We can now move forward, worry about the future and the 90% of the assets that are a really good bank and build a big bank for clientele and for the United Kingdom", said the new director General Ross McEwan to the press.
Land Rover announces his sponsoring of a series of rays.
The interior has a low seat seat and seat belts harnly 6 points, as well as an Intercom system.
Among the options, including improved brakes, a service providing access to mechanics from Boler Works, logistic support and the storage of the vehicle between two events.
Drew Boler, the managing director of Boler Motorport said: "The amateurs of railes who join Boler have changed."
They are not all experienced, some are looking for excitement and adventure and realistic access to international events.
We are really happy to offer such an approach in partnership with Land Rover and the MSA, and we are convinced that it will be a new way of trying to different forms of rallyes in the United Kingdom and internationally, and to prepare for the riggers and the realities of raids raids.
We had a lot of pleasure developing the Defder Challenge vehicle – the championship will really be palpable. ”
Moreover, the Defense Challenge will propose a training and testing day in February and the possibility of participating in events in the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East.
The firemen were called to rescue a haot lost after staying stuck at 15 m above the ground on an unstable cornihe in a career
Ruby, a wreck coker, escaped after a traffic accident without gravity.
She was found three days later by someone who promoted his dog in his career.
The firemen took to recall the cliff during the cliff to recover the chicken and save it from a certain death.
A chicken had the chance to escape the worst after the firemen were called to recover him in safety while he was lost at 15 m above the ground on the unstable season of a cliff.
Ruby, a 9 months coker car, escaped after a road accident Sunday afternoon and lived for three days alone before being saved in a career Wednesday.
His owners, Scott Alderson, 25 years old, and his little friend Becky Hall, 20 years old went to the career of Flapbreasts in Denolme, in the West Yorkshire, to find Ruby and thank the fire and emergency service West Yorkshire.
They had desperately sought their lost chips and launched a call on social network sites after she disappeared in the career following an accident without gravity.
Towards 14.15 Wednesday, a person with an acute view who promoted his dog reneged Ruby on a cornihe in the career, stuck at 15 m above the ground.
A technical rescue team of the fire brigade de Ceckheaton rushed to the scene and went down as a reminder to save Ruby by using a civilization for animals to transport it until the cup of the cliff.
The technical emergency specialist Andy Clayton said: "She was in a precarious situation."
She was in the middle of the cliff, at 15 m of the summit and 15 m from the ground.
She didn't move at all during the rescue – she was frozen.
But it's right now.
She eaten biscuits after.
It was a very unusual call.
It's incredible that someone noticed the dog.
The technical emergency specialist Peter Lu said: "Ruby has had a lot of luck with it unscathed."
She could have been seriously injured or worse.
Ruby was led by the veterinarian for a control; his general state was satisfactory, apart from exhausting and dehydration.
Miss Hall, from Halifax in the West Yorkshire, said: "I was terrified by looking at the emergency."
I didn't think it was up to me first.
It was surprising to have him again in his arms.
The veterinarian said that if she had been too exhausted and she had vanished, she would probably have fallen.
The firemen have been wrecked.
What they did was really courageous.
We are so grateful to them, each of them has been absolutely wonderful.
Mr Alderson, from Keighley, added: "We're scared that she fell but she didn't move."
The firemen were super.
I can't believe that she was there.
Mick Jagger says he never dreamed Katy Perry when she was 18.
During an interview during a Australia radio show this week, the pop star said she was a chorist on the song of Jagger "Old Habits" in 2004.
Perry said having dinner with the roteran of rock and explained, "he drained me when I was 18 years old."
She added, "It was a long time ago, and it was very nice."
In a statement Thursday, a representative of Jagger, 70 years old, said he "outright denies Katy Perry advance advance".
The representative added: "Maybe she confuses him with someone else."
Perry was one of the lucky ones to make an appearance during the Rolling Start this year.
His new album, "Prism", landed in the first place this week.
Beijing puts into question a Turkmen Islamic movement.
"backroom support for the attack came from the Islamic Movement of East Turkeatan based in Central and Western Asia", declared the boss of the Chinese security bodies to a Hong Kong TV channel, according to a video online on Thursday night on a website.
Meng Jianizhu, who is a member of the political office of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), spoke to Tashkent during an official visit to Uzbekistan.
It's the first time that a Chinese official has named a particular organization after the attack on Monday.
According to the Chinese police, three Uyghurs of a same family of the same family of Xinjiang, a border region of the Xinjiang region, have precipitated their gasoline gasoline car against the entry of the Cité banned in Beijing, in a suicide attack that made two deaths and 40 injured.
The car driver, his wife and her mother have died in the fire of the car.
Etim, which claims to fight for the independence of East Turkean, a former name of China Xinjiang, was classed by the UN in 2002 among the organisations affiliated to al-Qa'ida.
This movement is often designated by the Chinese authorities as responsible for the sporadic disturbances in Xinjiang, but its real influence is questioned by several experts.
George Kerevan: The breakup of Europe gives Scots the choice.
Another day, another worrying story of independence.
This time, we were told that an independent Scotland would be required to join the European area of free movement to be able to join the EU.
And here we hear stories of passport control at Berwick and a barbed son border along the Hadnothing wall.
While it's true that the newspaper of Strathyde indicated the possible economic effects of greater freedom of movement with the rest of Europe, it was not in the headlines (and it was planned).
Nobody said that EU Member States spend a lot of their time circumventing their formal rules when it suits them.
Since Scotland is not part of the Schengen area for the time being, a continued failure to respect rules would be a minor concession that Brussels could offer in return for everything it wants to get from Scots.
So it's a story that isn't a story.
And a story so old that it is now fixed: I heard for the first time the bobard according to which "independence means passport control" more than 40 years ago.
But we forgot an interesting point in this interpretation of an old dusty conte.
Why should an independent Scotland follow the instructions of Europe, actually?
Why exchange London's yoke against that of Brussels, especially now?
Here is the real news about Europe: the great postwar plan to unify Europe is definitely stalled.
With the euro crisis, the Europe Project is officially dead.
Across Europe, parties that oppose the EU or who militate for leaving the euro as a common currency, are gaining ground.
Even in Germany, the Eurosceptic Alternative for Germany, based only this year and arrived from nowhere, brought together almost five million votes during the federal elections in September and lifted the Liberal Democratic Party (equivalent of our Liberal Democrats) from the Bundestag.
There has always been a national opposition to the project to create a federal Europe.
However, the current economic crisis marked a turning point.
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank, associated with the straitjacket weighing on the national economies by means of joining the single currency, led many people to think that the Europe Project went too far.
The euro crisis has little to do with national governments that have excessive budget deficit - it was only true for Greece.
Instead, the European system has made its members exchange exchange rates favorable to German exporters – what German politicians want to keep.
Without the possibility of a devaluations of the national currency, the countries of southern Europe end up with an intrinsic productivity problem vis-à-vis Germany.
The only recourse is to make drastic cuts in salaries and public spending - encouraged by Berlin.
Beyond the current fiscal and monetary problems, there is a deeper unease related to productivity in Europe.
Following the "green" energy policies imposed by Brussels - which are a reason to subsidize French and German companies in the energy sector at the consumer's expense - European industry pays twice as much for electricity and four times as much for gas as the United States.
It's a drawback in terms of costs, as we already saw in Grannaut.
All wage earners in the world will not prevent the European petrochemical industry from being penalized by a cheap American shale gas.
As a result, the revolt, especially in France, is one of the EU's great leaders.
After the war, the French political elite considered the EU a way to control Germany and to put Paris on an equal footing with Washington.
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport of its political legitimacy and imposed its own economic policy in Europe, leaving the French economy to harm themselves.
Result: the far-right party of Marine Le Pen, the National Front National Front, just won a crucial partial election, sending the Socialists to power in the third place.
The Front National is now the most popular party in France with 24% of the votes – a good warning for the British Labor Party that reminds her that he cannot assume that a split from the right will automatic the left.
What does Marine Le Pen do with his new popularity with the French white working class?
She wants to use next year's European elections to create a single anti-currency and anti-European block in the European Parliament.
If the anti-European parties are good figures in these elections, which is very possible, such a block could control the European Parliament for the first time.
That's what I think: very soon, the anti-European and anti-currency sentiment in Europe will unify itself and end up killing the euro.
The EU will not disappear, but it will come back to something that will look more like "the Europe of Nations (sovereigns)" granted by General de Gaulle.
Germany and some of its satellite economies could keep the euro, but France and southern Europe will find their own currency.
I expect the United Kingdom to distance itself from this project, and I hope it's sweet eyes in the United States.
However, Washington's growing interest in the Pacific suggests that Great Britain will be left to account in the Atlantic.
And Scotland, in all this?
We can decide to be a region of the little England (essentially).
Or we can defend our own economic interests, which includes sending Berlin and Brussels.
I think Scotland could live with a freer European agreement provided that we keep our own currency.
Cooperation with other countries with similar views would be easier in a non-federal Europe.
Otherwise, we should emulate Norway and maintain our economic independence.
Scotland's SNP government is - and note - the most successful anti-austerity political movement in Europe, since it won a spectacular majority in 2011 based on its opposition to the proposed drastic cuts (and implementation) by the Labour chesslier Chancellor. and the conservative / Liberal Democratic coalition that followed.
It would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence if it's to accept the austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels.
Early, Puberé: Ageing earlier
Studies show that African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than young white girls.
physical changes do not mean that puberty is imminent.
Nothing proves that hormones or other chemical substances are responsible.
Experts think that the obesity epidemic could be a trigger of early puberty.
The trend towards an early puberty is not so pronounced at boys
The old CNN correspondent Pat Etheridge is a specialist journalist in family and health issues for children.
Does a mother have to worry if the breasts and pile puff of her girl are starting to grow at 7 or 8 years?
At the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatics that took place this week in Orlando, Florida, Dr Paul Kafowitz, child endocrinologist, explained that these early physical changes are quite common among young people. American and represent a new standard.
"I spend a lot of time reassuring parents. In general, it doesn't indicate a fast evolution toward full puberty", said Kafowitz.
The obvious signs of development, such as the burgeoning of breasts, the poles under arms and in the punch zone and body smell, appear earlier among girls.
But there was only a small advance in the age of the first rules in the last four decades.
In the United States, the average age is of 12 and a half, whereas it was 12 years old in 1970.
"Once the chest started to expand, you need at least two or three years before the first rules appear", indicated Kafowitz, also the author of "Early Puberty in Girls: The Essential Guide to Cing with This" Problem ".
Time is the most accurate test to know how to develop the puberty.
There is a debate about what is the real appearance of puberty, but it is considered "early" when the development of the chest is accompanied by sudden growth before the age of 8.
In most cases, development slows down or stops. It's something that a paediatrics can follow closely.
A faster evolution can justify tests carried out by a endocrinologist to remove serious problems like tumours or kysts.
There are treatments to delay the appearance of the first rules and prevent other consequences: early aging of bones that can put a brake on growth and a small size in adulthood.
The recommendations for medically and hormonal treatment are based on the age of the child, the development rate, the growth rate and the emotional maturity.
The psychosocial aspects are also important.
Kapowitz is careful with medication but recognizes that "control of puberty can reduce certain behavior problems and the sensation for young girls to be different from others".
The other big problem is understandable: parents simply don't want their very young girls to have their rules.
"They fear the risk of pregnancy or even the way they will manage hygiene issues", said Kafowitz.
"It's a shock", remember a woman whose girl had her first rules at 10 years.
Even if there were signs and we talked about the rules, she was not emotionally prepared.
She came back from the scary school that was shocked to be the first one among her friends.
There are many theories brought to public knowledge about the causes of early puberty.
However, there is no coherent theory that the hormones in milk or other food, chemical products present in the environment or sexual messages convey by the media are responsible.
The boys, like girls, reach their puberty earlier.
Kapowitz claims that the most credible hypothesis is that of the obesity epidemic.
He participated in a study on girls aged between 6 and 9 who links the percentage of mass fat at the trigger of the puberty.
Other discoveries support this conclusion, but there are many other influential factors.
In this country, African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than young white girls.
There are various explanations.
On a global scale, the mechanism of early puberty seems to be influenced by everything, from economic conditions to climate, via the genes.
Another problem: although the boys have their own pocket on the face and in the younger pub zone, the tendency towards real, real puberty is not as pronounced as among girls.
Other doctors participating in the AAP conference insisted on the complexity of the subject.
The appearance of the acné and the pogoods are common, even in infants and small ones.
"We have to be careful about how we identify the real appearance of puberty", said the Dr. Lawrence Silverman, a child endocrinologist working in the hospital for children Goryeb to Morristdown, in New Jersey.
Parents should not hesitate to ask their paediatrics to know how to talk with their children.
"This may mean having a conversation earlier than planned", explained Kafowitz.
If you stay calm, your child will react well in general.
Girls whose puberty is early must be reassured that even when it happens earlier than expected, the process is part of life.
The tribute to the folk of the Coen brothers.
"Inside Llewn Davis" brothers Coen, Grand Price of the last Cannes Festival, is a nostalgic movie and funny on the Greenwich village of 1961 and the folk music that was just starting to resonate there before the arrival of the Bob Dylan.
Joel and Ethan Coen, whose filmography has just been the subject of a retrospective to the French Cinemathan, had missed the golden Palm at Cannes in 1991 for Barton Fink.
If not to be able to hire Dylan or the trio Peter, Paul and Mary, Joel and Ethan Coen threw their devolved deu on the rising star of American cinema, Oscar Isaac, 33 years, but also on the global star. Lake.
In this movie movie where music is a central character and the live songs live live, Oscar Isaac turns out to be a musician and singer of folk accomplished, while Timberlake, her friend in the movie, leaves the pop for mad music with a contagion Medier jubilation.
As for Carey Mullian, she left the rich towers of Disy Mullian in "Gatsby the beautiful" for less relaxed clothes, a soft voice when she sings, but the jury is debited at the machine machine when she speaks.
"Inside Llewyn Davis" tells a week the tribes of a crazy singer who won't manage to penetrate and get angry with the earth.
He accepts in retrospect the replacement of replacements in the studios.
Without housing, he wins the cadres of his friends who still want to receive him.
An air of documentary
"His relationship with success is tortured, that's what was interested in us: a mixture of bad luck, a guy who isn't here at the right time, who isn't Carrierist but integrated, with self-destructive behavior", declared to the press Ethan Coen, crowned with his Father Joel of several Oscars and prices in Cannes.
If Llewyn Davis didn't exist, the two filmmakers of crazy music built their story on real personalities at the time like the musician mad Dave Von Ronk.
The idea was to show the time before the rise of Greenwich village, this neighborhood of New York called to become "the epicenter of the rise of mad music that would create international stars" as the journalist Elijah Wald, friend of Van Ronk, wrote.
The movie then takes a documentary, the dudust music label invaded with 33rd invented by an old secretary secretary, unpayable, musical choices of the time studios and the cafes where the singers were taking place.
The magic of the Coen brothers still operates by integrating a funny character of characters who cross the movie constantly: a beautiful cat cat compared to the makeshift companion of Llewyn Davis.
Internally about how he made up his character, the actor and singer Justin Timberlake remembered having "grown up in Tennese, swimmed by the blues and cousy".
"My first music lesson was given to me by my grandfather who taught me to play guita", he added.
For Justin Timberlake, if work is necessary to "be considered good", "chance can also launch someone's career" and "more and more today".
Like Llewn Davis who refuses to compromise on his music, the pop star explains that in a career, "the most important thing is not to let ourselves be caught by anything that can prevent us from expressing ourselves".
Gérard de Villiers, the "SAS" author, is dead.
He will never have known the word retirement.
Pomène from the French edition, Gérard de Villiers, who died on Thursday at 83, just published his 200th SAS, "The Kremlin's Vengance of the Kremlin".
In February, the New York Times devoted it as "the spy of spying novels who knew too much".
He had just spent ten days in Afghanistan, the theatre of 198 and 1996 opus from the famous series of spying novels.
Inured physically by a very serious heart attack in December 2010, he was moving around during this trip with an ambulance.
And before Afghanistan, he was also party to Libya, Russia, Lebanon, and Mali.
With 4 SAS published a year, Gérard de Villiers, born on December 8, 1929 in Paris, assured ignoring the exact number of books sold since 1965 and the published "S in Istanbul", the first of the series, almost a half-century ago.
"Don't doubt between 120 million and 150 million of all countries", he said in March last year.
His Burmese cat on the knees, in the room of his immense apartment of an advenue building in the avenue Foch, two steps away from the Arc de Tri<unk> e, the malicious eye under his white hair, he cited some of the languages in which the adventures of SAF S were translated: Italian, German, Russian, Greek, Japanese, or Korean.
"Not counting pirate editions" he added, naming a pound pile on the low table between Bronzes or Ivorires reported from the 130 arpented countries to locate his novel.
For the price of a packet of cigarettes, the reader has the right to the traditional coverage with a photo of a young woman with a advantageous chest, wearing a gun or assault.
At home, his sereneessm altresssm (SAS) Prince Malko LLinge, Austrian aristocrat and the CIA contractor to pay repairs of family reparation, go to the ass of all the bad guys in the land, communists in the years. 70 and 80, then jihadists from the 90s.
Every book, the same recipe: a large dose of geopolitics and exotism, some scenes of sex, a zeste of violence and torture.
"I never had the claim to be a literary author", explained Gérard de Villiers.
I consider myself to be a guy who writes for distraction from people I don't send out.
He worked "like the major reporters of pre-war, like Albert London, who went there and came back with real and long surveys".
SAS's father said "making a kind of geo-political soap".
"I'm constantly my files (Afghanistan, Syria,...) before leaving", added Gérard de Villiers.
On the ground, I meet journalists, including those from the AFP, diplomats, people from the services I have known for some 20 or 30 years.
So many of his SAS are often prematurely prematurely: so, a month before the attack on a command center of the Syrian regime that killed several senior officials, he had told history in "Le Chemin of Damascus."
In "The Benghazi The Benghazi", he was the first to reveal the existence of a secret CIA command center in this city, cradle of Libyan revolt.
In 1980, he staged the murder of Egypt's president Anwar Elwar Sadat in "The Cairo conspiracy", one year before the attack.
In October 2012, in "Panic to Bamako", he reported the columns of 4X4 jihadists based on the capital of Malian.
I'm not a guy, defended Gérard de Villiers, I simply make hypotheses from countries that I know well and, from time to time, some of my hypotheses themselves.
After these trips in often disturbed zones, he settled for a month behind his writer to write IBM to Marguerite dating from 1976 "whose parts were changed".
300 pages later, he wrote the word "FIN" and redressed every page at stylen.
At his office's walls are clinging to AK-47 rifles, erotic photos and author photos with African warlords.
Time and again for machismic by feminist ligues and for racism by human rights organisations, Gérard de Villiers didn't make these accusations in two sentences.
Some women are sexual objects in my books but others are beautiful, smart and courageous women.
I'm always very welcome in Africa where I count a lot of readers.
Gérard de Villiers said: "Malko Linge, like all heroes, has no age".
He won't die and will not retire.
No more than me.
The avioners quarrel about the width of seats when big orders are at stake.
The dispute is raging between the big aviation companies about the width of tourist class seats on long-distance flights, paving the way for a bitter confrontation during the Dubai aerospace room that takes place in the month.
The conflict concerns the width of proposed seats on long-distance passenger flights to economic class passengers - which are not always the most courteous by the air companies, but to which the space allocated is essential to increase the efficiency gains in the last devices presented by Airbus SAS and Boeing Co.
This week Airbus has called on the aviation industry to put in place a standard imposing a seat size of at least 18 chicks (45.72 cm) in the economic classes, but its great American rival Boeing says that it should be up to the airline companies to decide.
The dispute has broken out while the avioners are trying to sell even larger versions of their long-distance aircraft aircraft, possibly hoping for a order record when the event takes place from 17 to 21 November.
How the seats will be ready at the back of the plane - in particular, there will be 9 or 10 head seats head - is essential for the economic output of the "mini-jumbo" segment.
Boeing says its "777X" reorganization will be able to welcome 406 people to economic class in more than 17 chicken seats, and will be configured with 10 seats per row.
Airbus points out that the competing version of its A350 will carry in economic class 350 people in 18 hens of large halls in the middle of 9.
The aircraft giants often exchange coups on technical issues by making advertising in the professional press.
Today, Airbus directly calls on the public before the aerospace salion in Dubai, where 777X should take the step of its competitors with more than 100 orders.
We were able to realize recently what could be the beginning of a new advertising war with the presentation of a photo showing three people against each other in restaurants, entitled "Do you accept it?"
"Boeing proposes long-distance flights in tighter seats than in regional turboliers", indicated John Leahy, the commercial director of Airbus.
As eating habits change, people grow, but the seats in aircraft have not radically changed.
Between the beginning of the 1970's, when Boeing's jumbo 747 defined the modern long-mail trip, and the turn of the century, the weight of the average American from 40 to 49 has increased by 10%, according to data from the American Department of Health.
The size of the average American in the 21st century is 39.7 chicken, according to American health statistics.
Airbus says that its rival is clinging to a concept of siege that dates from the 1950s, when the circumconference of the newly-qualified device called "jet set" was closer.
Airbus adds that she ordered a study showing that a chicken extra in the width of the seats would improve the quality of sleep of 53%.
Booking the figures from Airbus regarding the width of the seats and claims that it's not up to the manufacturers to decide how the airlines balance tickets and equipment.
He also says that the study shows that the experience in cabin does not depend only on the width of the seats.
"It's really a question of providing the air companies with flexibility and allowing them to do what they think they have to do to carry out their activities." He said Kent Congratulations in charge of passenger satisfaction at Boeing.
They don't want to be told what will allow them to be profitable.
They know their business better than anyone.
For passengers, it's more a question of having a certain freedom of movement, but for providers, it's increasingly an issue that could affect their results.
Behind the dispute hides a race at the orders of aircraft for an estimated $700 Md at the market price in the coming decades, enough to tip the balance of American and European exports.
As Reuters pointed out for the first time in July, the configuration of seats is exactly what feeds the battle between the very last devices.
Airbus and Boeing both claim an output yield per seat in their latest models of long-distance steers 20% higher than that of the market leader in this segment, the Boeing 777-30000ER of 365 seats.
The performance announced by Boeing depends in part on the comparison between the 777X configuration with 10 seats per row and a 777 model of origin configurated in line with 9.
The gain in unit costs is low compared to the configurated device with 10 seats per row currently in service.
"Boeing does that to be able to cup more seats and make its aircraft more competitive compared to our products", said Kevin Keniston, director of Cont Passager at the European greedy Airbus.
On the other hand, analysts say that junior cabins with 10 seats per row in the 777 existing ones suggest that many passengers pronounce themselves in favor of a more dense configuration, which can go hand in hand with cheaper rates.
"An 18 hens siege would be perfect for passengers, but the reality is that, from a commercial point of view, the proposal of Airbus is motivated by the threat of 777", declared the internal expert at Mary Kirby, funny and editor of RUnl Networks.
Airbus and Boeing do not provide seats, but propose a catalogue of suppliers among which the airlines have to choose.
The aircraft sellers who turn around the world even with them one metre to check the competing configurations.
While taking revenge to offer comfortable devices, all manufacturers also offer aircraft with high density configurations to low-cost air companies and regional trips.
Airbus offers an A350 configuré with 10 seats per row but indicates that it has not yet sold it.
Until recently, Airbus stressed the need for a greater character of the cabins by offering larger seats side by side to some of its aircraft.
Without the support of the only other big builder of big modern devices, experts say that his call to the aviation industry is unlikely to put in place a size standard for seats. But it could make the 777X sales wave forget about the sales wave.
Oiracle shareholders irritated by Elison's salary
A majority of shareholders in Oraacle voted on Thursday against the proposal for remuneration for the founder and director General Larry Elison, given the financial performance of his group.
The vote is not binding but tarnishes the image of Larry Ellison, third world fortune just autistic of the victory of her boat at the World Cup.
The billionaire still has 25% of the capital of the software software he co-founded 40 years ago.
Last year, Elison had suffered a negative vote on its remuneration.
The boss of Oracle renounced a $1.2 million bonus for the financial year 2013 closed in May because of the group's poor performance, which missed its growth goals, but it received about 77 million dollars linked to stock-options.
His fixed salary is only a symbolic dollar.
Of the entire year out of 2013, the net benefit of Oracle has increased by 3.5% while the rate of exchange rate at 27.5%, overperforming the S & P 500% that took 24% at the same time.
The new anti-nicotine vaccine could remove smoking pleasure
Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could remove the pleasure you take to smoke a cigarette.
Only one dose of the vaccine has been able to protect for life from nicotine dependence.
Other tests are necessary before starting tests on human beings, but Professor Ronald Crystal of the Weg Cornell Medical College said that the first signs were encouraging.
"We really hope that this kind of vaccinale strategy can help millions of smokers who tried to stop, exhausting all the methods currently available on the market, but discover that their addiction is strong enough to overcome these different approaches", said Professor Cornell.
The new vaccine contains an harmless virus that has been modified to transport the genetic information necessary to design anti-nicotine antibodies.
The virus selectively infected liver cells, which then begins to produce a regular flow of antibodies.
Antibodies are betraying all molecules of nicotine present in the blood system and counteracting them before they reach the brain, which prevents the smoker from having his dose of nicotine.
During the tests, vaccinated mice to whom we then gave nicotine continued their activity normally.
But mice that had not been vaccinated "were allayed", said researchers, sign that nicotine had reached their brain.
The experiences are described in the journal Science Translain.
The previous tobacco vaccines have proven ineffective because they're content with antibodies.
Infections had to be repeated so frequently for antibodies to remain high that they were too expensive and impractical.
But the cost of the new vaccine should be much lower because it transforms liver cells in antibodies.
Professor Crystal said that if the future human vaccine for human use was completely safe, we could give it to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette, which would prevent any addiction to the nicotine.
But it is more likely that it is used by smokers who want to stop smoking.
"They will know that if they start smoking again, they will not be happy because of the anti-nicotine vaccine, and it will help them to lose their bad habit," he added.
British scientists said that the results were interesting but pointed out that much more research was necessary.
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban killed by a drone.
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban movement, Hakimullah Mehsouth, was killed in a strike by an American drone on Friday in Pakistan, we learned from the security services.
The death of Hakimullah Mehsouth has been announced several times already in the past.
But intelligence leaders, army, and activist movement have said this time that he had lost his life in this strike, conducted in the North Wazirrisan region.
"We can confirm that Hakimullah Mehsouth was killed in a drone shoot", said a senior security officer.
The day before, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, moving to London, informed the British government that discussions had been started with Tehrik e Pakistan (TTP), the Pakistani Taliban movement.
Tripodi denies being influenced by Obeid.
The former Labor minister of New York of South Joe Tripoldi will be the subject of an investigation of the State's anti-corruption regulator.
Former New York minister of South Joe Tripoldi denied having changed the policy of business to the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid, who had hidden interests in three property in the government-controlled zone.
Friday, the Independent Commission Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) broadened its investigation to know if Mr. Obeid had put pressure on several ministers of the state to renew his baubles in Circular Four, where the Obeds have two restaurants and a coffee, after Their expiration in August 2005, without there being any call for tender.
She is now investigating the claims that Mr Tripodi was aware of the secret interest of Mr. Obed in these properties, following the testimony of the former General Secretary of Mr Tripoldi, Lynne Apole, Thursday.
In the years of discussions started in 2005, the government pressed for the balls to be subject to tenders.
The tenants were against and also wanted longer times.
In 2009, the bars concerning companies in Circular Four, which reported to the Obeid about $2.5 M per year, were renewed without there being any call for tender.
Mr Tripoldi, who was Minister of Ports from February 2006 to November 2009, was initially in favour of tenders.
But he denied having changed his policy at the request of Mr. Obed who, acknowledged Mr Tripoldi, called for a change in government policy in matters of bullshit.
The transcription of telephone conversations presented at the ICAC showed calls made in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid, Mr Tripoldi and Steve Dunn, a senior official who had arrived at the Ministry of Ports after working under the orders of M Obeid to the Ministry of Fishing.
"The subject under discussion during these phone conversations was the drawing up of the trade policy policy?", asked the Commissioner Anthony Whealy to Mr Tripodi.
"No", replied Mr. Tripodi.
I don't remember what we discussed but in any case it was not that.
Anyway, certainly not between me and Mr Obeid.
Israeli warplanes targeting Syria, says a person.
Israeli warplanes reached a target in the Syrian port city of Latakia Thursday night, confirms a military officer at Fox News.
The official didn't specify what the target was, but said that there were at least one.
The Associated Press reports that the target was Russian manufacturing missiles SA-125.
At least twice this year, Israel conducted air strikes against missile cargoes in Syria.
Foreign workers in possession of a 457 visa could have to pass a "authenticity" test.
The government is currently studying the possibility of putting in place a "authenticity" test for foreign workers in ownership of a 457 while considering extending repression measures.
The test, if adopted, would be applied according to a criterion to prevent Visas 457 from being used to occupy unskilled positions or as a hideous way to bring their family and friends to Australia.
A working document from the government was unveiled today while Labour MEP Maxine McKew denounced the government discourse on foreign workers, saying it could offend Australia's neighbors.
"The shit statements about" foreigners turning over the end of the queue "and" jobs for the Australia first "are a unpleasant return when unions asked for a protected labor market," she told the Australia India Institute today.
Historically, it meant that the work of whites had to be protected - and I would not be surprised if some countries in the region saw it as an echo of this historical arteplay.
The working document mentions the 12 measures that had previously been planned by the former immigration minister Chris Boen.
The Minister of Immigrants Brenan O'Connor, who was in Sri Lanka to meet senior officials to discuss human trafficking, has implemented five of the recommended changes, the others being in the process of being examined.
If the "authenticity" criterion was adopted, a visa applicants could be checked to know "if the job offer is authentic in the case of the candidate is a personal relationship or an associate of the owner or the person concerned within the company that sponsors it."
Companies could also be required to declare the number of holders of visas 457 after some of them, having had the intention of sponsoring a small number of workers, actually used hundreds.
Meanwhile, an asylum seeker sailor 35 years old would be dead of a heart attack after having arrived on a ship carrying asylum seekers on island Christmais this week.
The 9 year-old sons of man was going to Australia with him and found some comfort since his father's death on Wednesday with an adult cousin that was also on board.
Man was urgently transferred by the Australian authorities to the hospital on Island Christwas, where he died.
A study aimed at multiplying the benefits of the rail project HS2 for Scotland was launched by the British Government.
The work done by HS2 Ltd suggests that high speed services to Scotland and north of England will start from the opening of Passe 1 in 2026.
Kramer's Minister of Transportation said that the project "would bring together the United Kingdom".
Scottish Minister for Transport, Keith Brown said "excited" the idea of working with the British government on the project.
Passe 1 will focus on a new high-speed rail line between London and the West Midlands.
When Phase 2 will be completed, the lines will serve Manchester and Leeds.
In June, the government raised the summer cost of building the high-speed link between London and north of England from 32.7 Md to 42.6 Md ££42.6.
The British government, which is in talks with Scotland, asked HS2 Ltd to study the strengthening of railway capacity and the improvement of the length of travel for north of England and Scotland.
This must include the possibility of journey times between Glasgow and Edinburgh from three hours at the most.
Kramer said: "Our goal for HS2 concerns a truly national network that will bring the United Kingdom and its cities closer."
We are pushing the HS2 project because the benefits it presents are enormous.
Without him, we are facing a problem with our railway network capacity.
But it's also a question of developing the connectivity between the 18 big British cities, including Glasgow and Edinburgh, so that the links between them are better thanks to HS2.
British Secretary of State for Scotland, Alistar Carmichael, added: "Today's announcement is good news for Scotland."
For the Scottish government, Keith Brown called Mr Carmihael to support "unmistakable" the inclusion of Scotland in the HS2 network.
Mr Gordon said: "The high speed train has the potential to offer Scotland considerable economic benefits, but it also brings Scotland's economic weight in the overall project of high-speed rail network throughout Great Britain.
"We are therefore excited at working in partnership with the British government to examine options to bring the high-speed train network up to Scotland, creating an advantage for all and complementing the Glasgow-Edinburgh line that the Scottish government is already planning.
"I look forward to reading the review report with British ministers next year and then decide together about the next steps."
The rules concerning the use of electronic devices on board remain in force for the time being in Australia.
Australia's air passengers will have to continue to switch off their tablets and smartphones during the takeoff and landing despite the gesture by the United States to relax the regulations on electronic devices.
The Federal American Administration has left the door open for American hauliers to change their procedures so that passengers can read electronic books, watch video or play games on their devices during critical flight stages provided they are in "plane".
Passengers can already do it for most of the theft, but many people find it painful not to be able to access their electronic books during take-off and landing.
Australia's hauliers are considering the decision that requires American hauliers to do important work in order to meet the requirements, but have indicated that they don't have the intention in the immediate future to change their procedures.
The Civil Authia Civil Authority also said that it was considering the announcement but stressed that the restrictions on the use of electronic devices during critical flight stages were still in force in Australia.
"CASA does not have specific regulations governing the use of electronic devices by plane", she said.
The question is the subject of regulation that requires aircraft operators to guarantee permanent security and passengers to respect the safety instructions given by crew members.
Virgin, who has already spoken to the CASA of its intention to expand the use of its entertainment system on board the Wi-Fi technology, was open to change, but said that it would follow the regulator.
"We would welcome a review of the CASA that would allow the use of electronic devices because we really think it would improve the customer experience now that we have (from the entertainment system on board the Wi-Fi technology) on our planes, has indicated a spokesperson.
Qanitas said that it respects the current rules at the moment.
"In line with our current policy, electronic devices cannot be used during the take-off and landing, and we do not intend to change it in the short term, she said.
The FAA's decision applies to American air companies.
However, we are still interested in the regulations that could benefit passengers, and we will closely examine the decision of the FAA and the reasons for it.
For American hauliers, the impact of the decision will vary from one airline to another and will depend on the age of their fleet.
Airlines will have to demonstrate that their planes can tolerate radio interference from electronic devices, as well as review the textbooks, training equipment, hand luggage program and the instructions provided to passengers.
"As soon as an airline has checked the tolerance of its fleet, it can allow passengers to use light mobile devices, like tablets, electronic readers and smartphone to all the alabilities", declared the FAA.
In rare cases of low visibility, the crew will ask passengers to switch off their devices during the landing.
The group also recommended that heavier devices be safe under the seats or in superior compartments during take-off and landing.
Pia: at least four wounded in a violent fight.
Pia's little municipality has experienced an unusual excess of fever Thursday night.
Three gendarmerie vehicles, two ambulances and a stumbling block of thirty people according to the testimonies collected...
Today of Hallween, the evening was agitated on Pia's side where a rixy involving several people broke out on the Post side.
Four milder injured at least would be laughing.
Alerted, the police went there to separate the belligerents and make sure that the wounded are taken care of.
lenders on the basis of Singapore benefit from the middle classes who are forced to wear their belts.
At a lender on the guarantee of the Bendemeer commercial center in Singapore, Janani Adthalinga breaks a brass, a joke and a gold tap in gold to pay for the schooling of his girls.
"My husband and I have just bought a house so my money is there," says Mrs Amirothalinga.
Although she earns $3 000 from Singapore ($2,400) per month as an accessory and her husband also works, monthly family income is not enough, she says.
In fact, the demand is such in parts of Southeast Asia - where household indebtedness increases - that ValumeMax, where she has carried out her transaction, has become the third loan company on the guarantee to be introduced at the Singapore stock exchange this week.
Ensuring jewelry is not only a quick way to get cash - $1 300 of Singapore in the case of Mrs Amirothalinga - but it's almost as cheap as unguaranteed bank loans.
In general, lenders on the basis of Singapore raise an effective annual interest rate of 17%, just above the 15.4% offered by the United Overseas Bank, a local fund donor with a branch in the same commercial center.
However, lunch lenders have the advantage of not asking for creditworthiness or salary proof, and can release loans more quickly than banks.
As a result, millions of people around the region are turning to lunch lenders while families feel the pressure that increases the cost of living and the overindebtedness of households and consumers.
After five years of solid growth since the global financial crisis, and the cheap credit fuelled by a monetary policy that is too lenient in the advanced economies, low-income and average families are turning to lunch lenders to fill the difference while their economies are experiencing a slowing down.
This week, the rating agency Standard & Poora cited the growing indebtedness of households, mainly because of the rise in mortgage loans, as a risk factor for the creditworthiness of Asian banks.
She said that Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore recorded the highest household indebtedness / gross domestic product in Asia.
Malaysia arrives at the top of the list with 80% of GDP, while this rate was 60% in 2008.
Economists also fear the high level of consumer indebtedness in Thailand, which has been out of a technical recession this week.
Thursday, data has shown continuous weaknesses in exports and a slowing of consumer demand.
"The balance sheet is that with the increase in costs, people in the middle or at the bottom [of the salary scale] seek to complete their income as they can," says Song Song Wa, an economist at CIMB, a Malaysia bank.
Historically high gold prices in the last two years have made people hastened to put their personal effects in order to touch the cash value of their jewelry.
In Singapore, about 70% of the articles in the 200 loan shops on the condition of the cite-state are in gold.
People say, "the price of gold is high, let's put up the golden channel of grandmother and we will return it next month".
In Thailand, the biggest loan shop operator on the guarantee, Easylum Money, recorded a 20% increase in the number of customers using their shops in the last few months.
The increase is such in the loan sector on the guarantee that ValumeMax, operator of the shop to Bendemeer and 15 other shops like this one in Singapore, plans to develop not only in neighboring Malaysia - where it already counts four shops - but also outside Asia, says. ah Lee Ching, his chief manager.
Society will finance them by using 60% of the $66 M she raised this week during her introduction to the Singapore stock exchange.
While some reduced lenders have come under criticism for the exorbitant interest rates they practice, Miss Yeah indicates that the delivery offers not only lower rates than other lenders, but also that it does not directly increase debt.
"clients hypothetical property they already have, and the fact of monetizing their personal property does not increase household indebtedness", she says.
Demonstration is increasingly socially accepted as a means of obtaining guaranteed funding in the short term.
People who travel to lenders are not only those who have financial problems.
The affluent people of Singapore also go to the loan shops on ValumeMax to guarantee gold lingers or Rolex monsters, which can represent up to 60% of their purchase price in cash.
We see clients of all strata of society.
"It's easy people who need to borrow in the short term for commercial activities or investments, or small companies with cash needs to go through a difficult course" adds Miss Yeah.
Sometimes, they just need money very quickly.
Pasteur accused of juvenile pornography in New Scotland
A boss who took care of young people, in the Halifax region in New Scotland, is accused of juvenile pornography.
Aaron Hudgins, aged 30 years old, was arrested on Friday morning following searches at his home and at the office of the National Council of the research where he works.
The church Baptist of Timberlay, where the pastor official official said, is deeply saddened by this news.
In a communiqué, church officials indicate that Mr Hudgins resigned from his post.
The pastor was released under conditions.
In particular, he must not communicate with people under the age of 18 and don't access the internet.
He will appear in the provincial court in Halifax in December.
He travels in a Nazi uniform to the supermarket, before being hunted down.
A man dressed in a uniform Nazi uniform of a bisse with the gamble was asked to leave an English supermarket, customers having complained to the management of the establishment who called the police, indicated the store Friday.
"We received several complaints from clients, so we asked him to leave the magazine", explained a spokesperson for the supermarket chain Asda.
The magazine called the police to the rescue, but "the time it arrives, he was already left without espanre", she added.
I've queued when I saw a woman who seemed to be shocked.
People were mouthed.
"You don't get out in the street unless you wanted to attract attention", testified a cliché, Rosina Rusiin, 60 years old in the Cambridge News newspaper.
This happened Thursday, day of day day of the Hallween party, where it's usually disgusting to dress up in monster, but it was difficult to know if it was a hoax.
A man from Cambridge claimed responsibility for this act on his Twitter account, where he posted pictures of Adolf Hitler.
"I'm wearing a black bisard SS twice a week for three years at Asda", said Paul Dutton, explaining "mental problems".
Relief plan of $325 M for the Tasmania's health system
The federal government maintain that the $325 M $rescue package for the vaunting health system is accompanied by strict conditions aimed at ensuring that the government of the state doesn't waste funds.
The Federal Minister of Health Tanya Polliberek announced that the Commonwealth is currently taking "urgent measures" to put an end to a crisis caused by the aging population of the island state, the high rate of chronic diseases and the limitations of the system.
The funding, planned for 4 years, was decided after the government consultations with the independent deputy of Tasmanmania Andrew Wilkie.
"The government has proposed a emergency rescue package that, in our opinion, will solve the unique difficulties facing the state." said Mrs Polliberek today.
The $325 M plan includes a $31 M campaign for unurgent surgery operations.
2 600 additional operations, especially in the field of orthopaedic surgery and camaract, will help make up for the delay.
funds are also planned for clinics without meeting in Hobart and Launceston, better external care, the training of medical frameworks, mental health services and the deployment of electronic medical files systems in local hospitals.
"These investments respond to the idea that, according to the first line clinicians, this is the best way to treat Tasmania's health system, said Mrs Polsek.
The Minister said that Tasmania's government would be confronted with a strict regime of preparation of reports and accounts.
The State will have to maintain current funding levels to receive money from the Commonwealth and prepare monthly reports on the sectors where it spends additional funds.
A commission of three people will be set up to ensure that the state provides services in the most efficient and efficient way possible.
Mr. Wilkie said today that the $325 M will not count for much "unless they are followed by a real reform to strengthen Tasmania's public health system.
Nevertheless, he congratulated the government for responding to the urgent request he presented to Prime Minister at the beginning of May.
"I hope that the federal assistance plan will make a big contribution to removing the public health system from Tasmanmande the blacklist", said Mr. Wilkie.
According to the government of the State, these non-urgent procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts.
But the spokesperson of the opposition in health matters Peter Dutton thinks that today's announcement is a "makeshift solution".
"The reason we are here is that the Labour government of the State withdrew $430 M from its health system," he said on ABC TV.
We can't have a government government that gruds almost half a billion dollars and the Commonwealth that puts 300 M, and claims that it's a good day.
Mr Dutton visited Mrs. Polsek to guarantee that no dollar of the rescue plan will be spent in additional red tape.
The adjustment by Guillaux Nikoux of Denis Diderot's novel takes a noteworthy artistic direction and a thorough recovery of time, but it is also more laborious than it should be.
Removing in France in the 1760 years, she tells the dark story of Suzanne, a young aristocrat sent to a smell by his family.
When she restores, she faces the cruelty without shit of a Mother Super deliberately sadistic and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another.
The movie never pays in lubricity or sensationalism, and that's really the problem.
conscientious solace of the narrative could also become a penance for the public.
Syria has destroyed its capacity to produce chemical weapons, declare the monitoring body.
Syria has destroyed essential equipment for the production of chemical weapons and ammunition filled with toxic gas, declared the international chemical weapons monitoring body Thursday, while violent clashes raged in the north of the country, close to one of the sites where toxic agents are supposed to be stored.
A group of Syrian militants has also said Thursday that more than 120 000 people have been killed since the beginning of the civil war in the country almost 3 years ago.
The announcement of the Organization for the banning of chemical weapons (OIAC) has arrived with a advance day on the date of the
1 November set by the organization based in The Hague ordered Damascus to destroy or "make unusable" all the chemical weapons production units and machines aimed at mixing toxic gas and filling ammunition.
Completion of what is essentially the initial phase of destruction is an important step in the ambitious timetable aimed at destroying the chemical weapons of Damascus by mid-2014.
Thanks to the destruction of equipment, Syria will no longer be able to produce new chemical weapons.
However, Damascus still has to start the destruction of existing weapons and reserves.
We think that the country has about 1 000 tonnes of chemical and chemical weapons, especially mustard gas and the neurotoxic agent sarin.
The announcement was made when the fighting was raging Thursday in the city of Safira which, according to the experts, is home to a chemical weapons production unit and storage sites, reported the Syrian Observatory on Human Rights based in Great Britain.
The group of militants, which follows the evolution of the human balance thanks to a network of militants based in Syria, said Thursday that 120 296 people were dead.
Among them, it is estimated that there were 61 civilians, 6 365 of them children.
On the government side, it is estimated that 29 954 members of the armed forces of President Bashar al-Assad died, 18 678 of which were fighters of the pro-government forces and 187 militants of Lebanon Lebanon.
Among the deaths, it is also estimated that 2 202 were deserters and about 5 375 opposition fighters, many of whom were foreigners.
On July 25, the UN estimated that 100 000 people had died in the conflict since March 2011.
She didn't update this figure since then.
Some 2 million people had to flee the country because of the conflict.
The al-Assad troops are fighting against the rebels, many of whom are linked to groups of the al-Qa'ida network, in Safira for weeks.
The Observatory said Thursday that there were losses on both sides, but did not give any precision.
The fighting has underlined the importance of the dangers facing chemical weapons inspectors while they have to complete their mission, which consists of getting Syria rid of its toxic arsenal in the middle of a civil war that continues, within tight deadlines.
A declaration by the OIAC, working closely together with the UN, said that its team was "now satisfied to have controlled - and seen destroyed) all the critical critical production and machines for mixing and filling."
She added that "no other inspection activity was planned for the moment".
Earlier this week, the inspectors said they had completed the first stage of the verification work, visiting 21 of the 23 sites declared by Damascus.
They could not visit the last two sites because of concerns about their security, indicated the inspectors.
Thursday, the OIAC said that both sites were, according to Syria, "abandoned and... that the elements of the chemical weapons program they content had been moved to other declared sites, which were inspected".
It was difficult to know at first sight if Safira's unity was one of the two sites that the OIAC inspectors could not visit.
Syria has submitted a plan of total destruction of its chemical weapons that was approved in the following month by the OIAC executive committee.
"I salute the moral strength and courage that you all showed in the most difficult task ever taken by this organization", said the Managing Director of the organization Ahmet Umet Uzumu, in a comment published by the OIAC.
Now in its third year, the civil war is mainly opposed by the Sunni Muslim rebels to the government of al-Assad and its security forces, who are supported by the Alawite sect sect, a branch of Shi'ite Islam.
On the other hand, the director of the Syrian Observatory on Human Rights said that there had been a strong explosion on Wednesday in an air defence base in the Syrian coastal province of Latakia.
The cause of the explosions is still unknown, he added.
Colère caused by the sentence handed down against one of the bombers in Bali
The survivors and the relatives of the 202 people killed in the attacks in Bali in 2002 reacted with anger to the sentence pronounced against the last conspirators to be brought to justice, saying that Umar Pateek should be shot by a firing peg.
Pateek, who spent almost 10 years being one of the most sought-after men in Southeast Asia, was sentenced yesterday to 20 years in prison for his role in the manufacture of explosive devices used during the attacks.
He could be released after a period of 15 years under conditions of liberation.
The 45 year old man was found guilty of mass killing for attacks aimed at two night boxes in Kuta's popular tourist neighborhood, which caused the death of 202 people, including 88 Australia, and made many wounded people.
He was also found guilty of many other charges in connection with terrorism, especially a wave of attacks aimed at churches in all Indonesia on the eve of Christmas in 2000.
The prosecutors asked for a life sentence of imprisonment, yet they could have asked for the man, qualified as "Demoltion Man" for his reputation as an expert in the manufacture of bombs, to be sentenced to death.
The decision has revived painful memories for Ja Corteen, a mother of Perth who lost her two twins of 39, Jane and Jenny, in the destruction perpetrated by Pateek and the other conspirators almost 10 years ago.
On the tears, she said that Patek should have been sentenced to death.
I really think he should have followed the same path as other men.
"He should be dragged in front of execution", said Mrs Corteen to the AAP.
I have to live every day without having other grandchildren, nor see my girls.
Sari Club was completely destroyed when a huge bomb, charged in a guy outside, exploded just after 23 hours: 12 October 2002.
Peter Helles was in Paddye s Bar when a kamkaze sailed a bag with dos charged with explosives barely 20 seconds earlier.
He sank in the coma after the attack and stayed unconscious for a month, and he's "dead" three times when he was under respiratory assistance.
Mr. Hugues said that Patek should have known the same fate as the other three members of the terrorist cell of Jemaah Islamiyah responsible for the carnage - Amrozi, Muklas and Imam Samudra - who were executed 4 years ago.
In reality, this man should have been sentenced to death before the others.
keep him alive, why, there's no reason to keep him alive.
Strike 20 years in prison after killing 202 people and injuring hundreds of others, it's not a lot.
Pateek is the last of the bombers in Bali to be brought to justice.
He managed to avoid being captured for almost 10 years but was finally arrested in January 2011 in the Pakistani city of Abbotabad, where American forces will kill the former al-Qa'ida leader, Osama bin Laden, less than four months later.
During the trial, an FBI agent said that intelligence reports revealed that Pateek was in Pakistan to meet Bin Laden with the aim of restoring links between terrorist groups in Southeast Asia and al-Qa'ida.
"He didn't visit", added Mrs Corteen.
Until recently, he didn't care about the grief he could cause other people.
The verdict was delivered on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the attacks that will be celebrated later this year and marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia.
"There's a lot of beaches this year", said Mrs Corteen.
Pateek can appeal against his conviction.
FAA: air passengers can now use gadgets on board aircraft (but not appeal with their mobile phone)
Airlines passengers will be able to use their electronic doors from door to door to read, work, play games, watch movies and listen to music - but not talk about their mobile phone - according to the new very awaited directives published by the Federal Avieration Administration on Thursday.
But passengers should not expect immediate changes.
The speed with which the change will be put in place will vary from one airline to another, declared the chief executive of the FAA Michael Herta at a press conference.
Airlines will have to prove to the FAA that their planes comply with the new directives and that they update the training books of crew members and the rules concerning the row of equipment to be in line.
The FAA said that it had already received plans from some air companies aimed at broadening the use of electronic devices on their aircraft.
Delta and JetBlue are among the companies that have already submitted plans.
"depending on the plan, we could approve an extended use of electronic devices very soon", indicated the FAA in a declaration.
At present, passengers have to switch out their smartphones, tablets and other devices as soon as the doors of the plane are closed.
They are not supposed to rally them before the plane reaches 10 000 feet and the commander gives the green light.
Passengers are supposed to switch off their devices during the descent off the plane before the landing and not rekindle them until the plane has started.
Under the new directives, air companies whose aircraft are properly protected from electronic interference will allow passengers to use their devices during take-off, landings and ground rolling, declared the FAA.
Most of the new line aircraft and other aircraft that have been modified so that passengers can use the Wi-Fi to higher altitude, should satisfy the criteria.
Lwill Glent, president of the Association of Professional Flight. Flight, it was said of these changes.
"Once the new policy has been implemented in a safe manner - and we'll work closely with the hauliers for this - it will be beneficial to everyone," explained Glading in a declaration.
We are frankly tired of feeling like "room guys" when it comes to this question.
But it will always be forbidden to connect to the internet for surfer, exchange emails and SMS or download data below 10 000 feet, declared the agency.
Passengers will have to put their smartphones, tablets and other aircraft on plane mode.
So no Words Witch, the Scrbble online online game played by the actor Alec Baldwin on his smartphone in 2011 when he was evicted with great noise from an American Airlines plane after refusing to switch off his At the same time as the device was kept on the door.
And heavier devices like laptop computers will always have to be stuck because they could injure someone if they steered through the cabin.
Mobile phones on board will also continue to be banned.
The legislative power concerning mobile phones belongs to the Commission and not to the FAA.
The FAA can remove the ban on certain electronic devices during take-off and landing
Last month, Mark Rosenker of the National Transportation Safety Board, national transport security expert on CBS News, said that mobile phones were always considered a risk.
"Mobile phones are really a problem, not only because they could possibly create interference with navigation instruments, but because we know, according to the FCCC, that they could disturb mobile phone relays if they are used on board", has declared Rosenker.
An industrial consultation committee created by FAA to examine the problem recommended last month that the government authorizes a more widespread use of personal electronic devices.
The pressure on the FAA has become stronger in recent years to relax restrictions on their use.
Critics like Senator McCastl, D-Mo, maintain that there is no valid security reason for these bans.
The restrictions are also becoming more and more difficult to apply because the use of devices has become ubiquitous.
Some studies indicate that at least a third of passengers forget to switch off their devices, or do it deliberately.
The FAA started to limit the use of electronic devices in 1996 following the reports on the presence of interference with navigation and communication instruments when passengers were carrying FM radios, the hi-tech gadget from then on.
New line airplanes depend much more on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft, but they are also designed to resist electronic interference and approved by the FAA.
Airlines allow their passengers to use Wi-Fi to cruise alabilities for several years.
modified aircraft to welcome Wi-Fi systems also better resist interference.
The vast majority of line planes should allow more use of electronic devices by virtue of the new directives, said Huerta.
Today's electronic devices are generally issuing radio transmissions of power much lower than previous generations of devices.
Electronic books, for example, only emit minimum transmissions when you turn a page.
But the transmissions are stronger when the download devices or send data.
Amazon.com is one of those who press for relaxing restrictions regarding the use of electronic devices by passengers.
In 2011, company leaders loaded a line of online readers of electronic books Kindle and made him steal to see if there were problems, but there were none.
This inspired the members of the FAA's SAA Consultative Committee with mixed feelings about the question of whether or not the use of devices presents a risk.
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said he thought that interference from equipment was real, even if the risk was minimal.
Other members of the committee said that only anecdotal reports from pilots indicate that equipment can interfere with the systems of an aircraft, and that most of them are very old.
However, the committee recommended that the FAA authorizes pilots to ask passengers to switch off their equipment during landing to the instruments under conditions of low visibility.
A group of the travel industry welcomed the changes, calling them common sense arrangements for travellers with technology.
"We are happy that the FAA recognize that a pleasant passenger experience is not incompatible with security," said Roger Dow, President and director of the U.S. Tvevel Association.
A weird shit of a platform in the North Sea has been released in nature.
A bird, liking after being found exhausted on an oil platform in the North Sea, has been released in nature.
We made the pie of water on board a helicopter to Aberdeen last month before he was handed back on foot by the SPCA in his rescue center of Aloa.
The director of the center, Colin Seddon, said: "This pie of water was probably a hiverish migration that came from northern Europe and found itself in the middle of violent winds in the North Sea."
It seems that the bird exhausted would have managed to find refuge on the oil platform.
He added: "He was unable to fly again, so we were contacted to give our help."
The pie of water was in good health when it was released.
Is the European elite ready to do business with Great Britain?
The Business for Britons campaign was launched in April with the promise to bring together companies and define what wealth and jobs creators want to see change in our relationship with the EU.
To do this, we ordered the widest and most complete investigation with British entrepreneurs and asked them what they thought of Great Britain, companies and the EU.
YouGov questioned more than 1 000 business leaders, generally representative of all sizes of companies, sectors and regions of Great Britain.
The conclusions of the investigation will be a surprise for many.
We discovered that the vast majority of companies now seek to export outside Europe, focusing on those countries that modernize and develop while the EU states stagnate.
They want to see the government give priority to new trade links with countries like China, India and Brazil rather than getting bogged down in the long and arduous process of reforming the European institutional arcanes.
When asked their opinion on specific political points - from the regulation of the monopolies to product laws - the majority of business leaders think that control of these key competences should go back to Westminster.
The single market has caused general discontent, companies say that the cost of the Brussels regulation is disproportionate to the benefits of being part of the European trade zone - 40% of big companies, traditionally the most pro-European, even agree.
Finally, and even more so, our investigation with business leaders revealed that a large majority wanted to see Britain continue the initiatives to change the treaty and develop a relationship with the EU based on trade and not politics.
This conclusion, which finds itself in all the big groups and companies of all sizes, shows that the business world insists on a "significant change" that gives power back to the United Kingdom.
The stakes are high - succeed in changing the treaty and better represent Britain's interests would see a 16% shift of votes in favor of maintaining the country in the EU in a referendum.
The Prime Minister should not be in any doubt: this investigation shows that British companies support this plan to renegotiate the terms of Britain's accession to the EU.
It also shows that companies hope that renegotiation will be a significant change in the current balance of power in favor of a return to the hands of the United Kingdom.
It is possible, and increasingly necessary, to better represent the interests of British companies, since the euro area is committing itself to a closer economic and fiscal union.
The priority must be jobs and growth in Great Britain and, as our investigation shows, for companies it means putting the accent on trade again and a fundamental change of the Brussels regulation approach.
The United States at Hallaween colors
In the United States, President Obama didn't depart from the tradition of Hallween.
With his wife last night, he distributed fries to hundreds of children invited in the gardeners of the White House in Washington.
Last year, the Hallween festivities on the east coast of the United States were cancelled because of the passage of Hurricane Sandy.
This year, the celebrations have therefore caught up.
In New York, thousands of people costured participated in the parade organized in the "Greenwich village" neighborhood.
Everyone is overestimated, tells one of the participants, Andrea.
I was able finally to put the suits that I had planned last year.
We're joking like crazy, adding Rhonda.
People are happy.
It's good child, it's cool.
We really need that.
Hallween is a passeian party celebrated on the eve of Toussaint, mainly in the Anglo-Saxon countries.
Alexei Miller Gazprom says that Bulgaria's gas pipeline augurs a new era of gas.
The start of construction of South Street in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe's biggest energy projects, declared the director of Gazprom.
"An historic event took place today: construction started in the Bulgaria part of the South Stream gas pipeline, the biggest project the most important project in Europe" explained Alexei Miller, the Managing Director of Gazprom, in a declaration Thursday.
This project is a key element of energy security for the entire continent of Europe.
South Stream should help diversify Russia's export paths to Europe.
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its Ukrainian counterpart, a country through which most of Russia's gas goes to Europe, increases the level of risk compared to conventional paths, adds the director.
Miller added that the direct link to Bulgaria, a member of the European Union, means that the geo-political risks associated with the transit countries are eliminated "for forever".
Bulgaria's consumers will receive South Street gas at a reduced price as soon as the whole project is set up in 2015.
Gazprom has indicated that construction should start in other countries downstream by the end of the year.
The gas pipeline was conceived for an annual capacity of 63 billion cubic meters of natural gas.
Pitt wants to create the biggest marine reserve in the world.
The island of Pitcairon wants to create the biggest marine reserve in the world, announced the daily daily newspaper The New Tahii news, taking into account Radio Australia's information.
This island, in the east of the archipelago (French Polynesia), is the last British South Pacific territory, half-way between New Zealand and Chile.
This territory measure 47 km2, if we count three other small nearby islands.
He is British since his occupation in 1790 by the Boudty mutilation, episode from the story of the English navy that took place to three Hollywood adaptations.
A few dozen people, mostly descendants of the Boudty masteries, still live Pitcailin, and their income depends 95% of the generous London.
The Council of island voted unanimously for the creation of a marine reserve around the small archipelago, that is 836,000 km2 that correspond to its exclusive economic zone.
A deputy to the mayor of the island went to London ask Britain to validate this request.
Mike Warren, the mayor of Pitt, thinks that the creation of such a protected zone would be a first step toward more financial autonomy for his island.
The project must be accepted by the English Governor of Pitcairon, resident in New Zealand, and by the British Government.
The creation of such a marine reserve would allow the UK to snuff these 836,000 km2, provided, however, that it has the means to monitor it, which is not the case.
There is no airport in Pitcainn, which makes it impossible to base one or more aircraft dedicated to monitoring the area, and there is no port where military surveillance vessels are placed.
As for France, it must already conduct the very expensive air and maritime surveillance of the five million km2 km2 of the French Polynesia EEE, its neighbour.
The FAA relaxing the restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on board aircraft. But it will always be forbidden to pass calls on mobile phones.
fighter planes attack a Russian missile stock in the port city of Latakia, indicate a person responsible.
It would seem like the continuation of the Israeli campaign aimed at preventing the spread of weapons in the Middle East.
A federal appeal court blocking the decision of a judge that the controversial NYPD tactic discriminates against minorities.
Almost 100 African migrants hoping to go to Algeria are dead of thirst after their two trucks fell out in the middle of the Western Sahara.
Experts say that the violence that caused the death of 14 adults and 7 children is nothing but an unfortunate chance, and not the sign of an escalating violence in America.
Instead of being destabilized by the cessation of government activities in the United States, investors remained focused on what is probably the most important: the Federal Reserve.
Californiian plans to challenge what could be the first quotation to appear in her gender, saying that internet glasses connected to the internet make shipping easier.
The police say that she is in possession of a video pretending to show the Maire Rob Ford in the smoke of crack.
Even close allies hide things – and look at all angles to discover what has not been said.
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic particles around the world manage sensitive issues like contraception, divorce and homosexual couples.
Live life for a former Chinese deputy governor
A former deputy governor of the province of Jiin, in the northeast of China, was sentenced on Friday to life prison for corruption.
Excuse of the Communist Party in July 2012, Tian Xueren was accused of having affected more than 19 million yuans of bribes, reports the official media Chinese.
Between 1995 and 2001, the deputy governor, who was also the president of the Bank of Jiin, a public institution, helped companies and responsible companies to get contracts, loans or promotions in exchange for money or gifts, declared the first intermediary tribunal in Beijing on his microlog.
President Xi Jinping, who took office last March, made the fight against corruption a national priority, believing that the phenomenon was a threat to the Communist Party itself.
If the head of state promised that justice would be as intractable with the powerful "tigers" - junior officials - junior officials - only a handful of high-ranking officials were convicted, including former executives of the oil giant Petrocha.
The most spectacular recent case was that of the former CCP leader in Chongqing, Bo Xilai, sentenced for life in September for corruption and abuse of power after targeting the highest positions in the state.
But the government has not shown any intention of reforming the anti-corruption system by creating, for example, an independent organization of the party.
Two YMCA employees accused of sexual assault following claims made against Jonathan Lord during a Royal Commission audience.
Two YMCA employees in New Wales were accused of sexual assault against children following claims made against the Caringbah educator, Jonathan Lord, in 2011, during a hearing of the Royal Commission responsible for sexual abuse of children.
But in his opening statement before the Commission, the YMA said that he "had never had to deal with a sexual assault on children within her organization".
Managing director Phillip Hare was questioned about two cases: a YMCA employee was accused of child pornography and a physical education monitor of the YMCA Caringbah Hall was found guilty of sexual assault on children in the center where he worked. It was in 1991.
Mr Hare said in Gail Furst, a lawyer with the Commission, that he was aware of the first case but he was not aware of the second case.
He also admitted that the opening declaration of the YMCA was inaccurate by pointing out, "external controls of the YMA were carried out and pointed out that the safety of children was an absolute priority for the organization."
It was demonstrated in the Commission that the YMCA had been informed that it received the second worst assessments on four establishments during a quality audit of the Education and Communities carried out in August of this year.
Mr Hare, who started working in YMCA at the age of 21, admitted that the management of staff was a failure with the recruitment of Lord and that he had omitted to check that employees were aware of any violations of children's security policy.
Earlier this year, Lord was sentenced for sexual assault on 12 boys during the two years when he worked in YMCA.
He was sentenced to a minimum prison sentence of 6 years.
But Mr Hare rejected the idea that the YMA would have a cultural problem preventing staff from pointing out Lord's flaws in the safety of children.
The staff members testified that they had observed certain flaws, especially the fact that Lord remained alone with children, that he kept them in private, stalled them on his knees, told them that he loved them and let them play with his mobile phone.
Danielle Okwell, who was framed by Lord and who had asked for training in the protection of children because she was worried about her behavior, indicated she found the chief service officer at the YMCA Caringbah, Jacwho Barnat, who hosted Lord ". Very daunting and difficult to approach most of the time."
The managing director said that he rejected the testimonies of the staff that they were reticent about reporting these flaws to their hierarchical superior.
Instead, he said that the friendly relations they maintained with Lord have muddled up their judgment, so they didn't report his actions.
Mr Hare said he had expressed his point of view in front of the advice of the YMCA in New Wales. He said that for the organization, the lesson of "the Jonathan Lord affair" should not be "the sign" by the staff, and the advice was in agreement with him.
Mr Hare said that the decision to sign confidentiality agreements, shortly after the claims were mentioned, was taken by the Managing Director of YMCA responsible for children's services, Liam Whitley.
He said that this decision was aimed at avoiding any infection of evidence but that it was a "excess of zeal" and that it had been badly implemented.
YMA in New Wales in the South was not a safe organization for children at the time when Jonathan Lord was employed, namely between 2009 and 2011, declared the expert on sexual violence on children, Professor Stephen Smallbone at the University of Griot University. Shit in front of the Commission.
He said that there were "serious problems" in recruitment, control, initiation, training and the supervision of staff.
The audience was delayed until 20 December.
Tony Blair said he would take the opportunity to become Prime Minister again, but admits that his return is unlikely.
In an interview last night marking the 5th anniversary of his departure at the end of his term of office, the 59 years old man made his opinion known about various national policies.
Since its departure in June 2007 after a decade at the head of the country, Mr Blair has largely avoided discussing British politics, limiting his comments to foreign affairs and his role as special Quartet Envoy for the Middle East peace process.
When asked him if he would like to return to the position of Prime Minister, Mr Blair would have replied, according to Ering Standard of London: "Yes, of course, but it may happen, so..." so... "
When many experts in the demonstrations met in Cardiff to confront and win the trophy of the Cheval of the year, they knew that the competition would be tough.
But no one expected to see a triple Kirge, a three-year-old child.
Not yet at school and only a few months after having done his first weapons, the small and shit pony Shetland Toffée have trotted out during the three rounds with a great ease and won the first price, leaving behind the 30 other adult competitors.
The two inseparable – which are the same size – were hailed for presentation, the attitude and the style during the annual competition that took place at the center emitting Sunnybank, in Rudy near Cardiff.
Coming against men and women with elegant male hats, he was wearing his camera a bit on the side in a relaxed way to challenge his 2-year old Toffal pony around the runway.
Fenon has been welcomed by judges for his natural quality of compiling little common for a child of his age.
And Toffée received very good notes for her presentation and personality.
Féton got a gift for her 3rd birthday in March last year and has been involved since then with his Shetland pony every day.
His mother, 30 years old, said: "Fenon and Toffee do an excellent duo."
They presented themselves against and against all, but both of them missed the golden cut and the rosette.
It was only the second time he went with Toffee and we were crazy he won.
On the track, people who didn't know him thought he was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him.
This young boy, the village of Nantyglo, near Ebbw Vale, in the south of Wales, follows the traces of his aunt. Howells, who has participated in contest competition for more than 10 years.
Mrs Howells said: "There was electricity in the air and everyone encouraged it and applauded it."
He went through all the length of the runway running and even if he seemed to be a little small, he did a marvellous job.
Move is crazy of animals - he adore horses, tractors and the rural world and has two chickens he deals with.
In the way he started, he will certainly participate soon at the demonstration of the year's Cheval - and I'm sure he will make a nice performance.
A spokesperson of the annual demonstration has said: "Fenon is only 3 years old but he knows how to drive his pony."
They form a good team.
The judges noticed that Fenon and Toffée were presented well and the way they marched on the runway.
They are looking for effective teamwork between the pony and the drainer - Feton and Toffee were the best on the runway.
I am sure his beautiful clothes helped Fton, he really was proud.
A Chinese newspaper that launched a call "will be reworked"
A Chinese newspaper that launched an appeal on the front page for the release of a journalist accused of defamation will be reworked, declare a press regulation.
The New Express based in Guangzhou published a rare public appeal for the release of the journalist Chen Yongzhou.
But Chen later admitted on TV that he accepted bribes to make stories about a semi-public society.
Now, the New Express will undergo a "complete reshuffle", declared the regulator.
The order of "reshuffle" comes from the Guangdon administration for Presse and Edition, Radio, Film, and Television.
A preliminary investigation showed that the New Express belonging to the Yangcheng group Eing News published several erroneous articles about the company. Zoomlion company between September 2012 and August 2013.
"The editing of New Express was disorganized", said the regulator in a statement.
He said he had decided "to impose a sanction of an administrative nature in Chen Yongzhou by withdrawing his press card".
He also "ordered the Yangcheng group Eing News to undertake a complete reshuffle of New Express, and recommended that he conduct an investigation into the people responsible at New Express and immediately rewrite the newspaper's management team."
Chen wrote several articles for the New Express on alleged financial irregularities from a construction equipment manufacturer called Zoomlion.
After his arrest, his newspaper twice published a call on first page for his release, writing that he supported his journalism.
But Chen then appeared on a public television channel where he admitted he had published false stories against money.
"In this case, I harmed Zoomlion as well as the media industry and his ability to win public confidence", he told the public television network CCCTV.
I did it mainly because I was running after money and celebrity.
I realized my mistake.
Following the excuses of Mr Chen, New Express published his excuses on the front page, writing that he didn't check his articles correctly.
Several important suspects have recently made confessions.
specialists say that people are systematically forced to make their confessions, despite a change in the law that was voted earlier in the year prohibiting the authorities from forcing anyone to blame himself.
The aircraft carrier Charles-de-Gaulle in "unavailable"
In Toulon, the aircraft carrier is in a shit.
The radioactive vapour leak detected in one of the two nuclear heat of the Charles-de-Gaulle, in mid-October and when the ship was at sea, was "without danger to the sailors", but it's not without consequences for the Marine.
The Royal has just confirmed "the unavailable" of the ship until "in mid-November", "the time to take the corrective measures that are necessary" on the reactor.
For its part, the DSM company, a defender of defence, ensures that its teams and those of Areva, dispatched in the Var for the occasion, "currently intervene on the aircraft carrier".
It's for them, among others, to change a pump on the faulty heat.
"Everything is done for Charles-de-Gaulle to be able to make its deployment planned at the end of 2013", but DST explains.
And the National Marine to certify that "it doesn't call into question the ship's activity program" with nuclear propulsion.
Let's remember that the aircraft carrier Charles-de-Gaulle comes out of an intermediary period of six months.
He had put in Toulon in mid-October for a training.
This, especially, in order to define young hunting pilots.
A "little trick", circumscribed to the area of containment of the reactor, then came on the flagship of the French fleet.
According to the National Marine, the crew had not been exposed to possible radioactive contamination.
For more than a year, everywhere, I'm able to see a lot of discontent on the part of the people I meet: monstrous re-evaluation of their properties, disillusionment of taxes, the cost of permits of all kinds, administrative costs to finish.
In short, siphonage without limits on our pockets.
Millions of dollars squandered could be saved in order to allow a lot of respect for those who pay.
Any money taken away from taxpayers diminishes their freedom of consumption and helps to impoverish them.
In Shawinigan, despite the closure of all major companies, we don't annoy ourselves about the somptuary expenses and the maintenance of lame ducks: deficit cultural center, strong subsidy to Cité de Energy, etc.
If these installations are not profitable, whether we sell them to the private company or to demolish them.
It is also sad to see the expropriation of several properties to welcome a major industry that has never come.
However, I give an honourable mention to the transformation of the former Wabasso into a kind of industrial incubator, but at what cost for tax payers?
It's not for public start-ups to invest in such companies, but for the private sector based on the consumer's demand.
Citizens were happy to learn that lakes in the Fishing and Piles will continue to supply the city in drinking water.
As a result of the departure of all the industries (major water consuming) and the high population decline, the use of water has decreased considerably everywhere in the territory.
Without wanting to waste it, the city will never miss water and the severe regulation about its use could be greatly softened.
In short, it is easy to do great things with the money of others.
I would be ashamed to defend such a balance sheet.
With gross debt of more than $200 million, this city isn't even able to buy a stylen without going through a loan regulation.
We have been managed for more than 40 years by hooded with beautiful degrees mostly and I don't think a sheep farmer makes worse.
Decades of a drug tunnel between the United States and Mexico with its own railway line.
One of the most sophisticated tunnels for drug trafficking between the United States and Mexico, with its own lighting, ventilation and electric rails, has been discovered.
The American authorities described the tunnel by 4 feet by 3 as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they had ever seen.
The tunnel, zigzagant on an equivalent length of almost six long soccer land, links warehouses near Tijana, Mexico, San Diego, the United States.
The area is full of undefined warehouses, which makes it possible to easily cover up drugs-loaded trucks.
The tunnel was closed before drugs came out in unnoticed, said the authorities.
The authorities have confiscated 8.5 tons of marijuana and 148 cocaine after the tunnel discovery, according to judicial records.
Three men who, according to the authorities, worked as drivers, were accused of marriages of marijuana and cocaine with the intention of selling.
They run a prison sentence from 10 years to life imprisonment if they are convicted.
In Novzal, Arizona, the drug dealers exploit large underground channels of underground drainage.
The tunnel is the eighth important passage discovered in San Diego since 2006.
Some of the biggest tunnels were discovered following the marijuana harvest in the center of Mexico in October, raising a challenge for drug cartels who have to quickly hand over their products to consumers.
In 2010, the authorities found a passage of about 700 yards equipped with railway lines that were starting from the kitchen house of Tijuana and went to two warehouses in San Diego.
The British police are issuing an extraditing mandate against Assange.
The British police has today issued an extravagant mandate to the founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange, who took refuge in the Embassy of the Ecuador in London and asked for political asylum.
Scotland Yard said that she had delivered an "surrender opinion" against the 40-year-old Australia, asking him to run for a police station, adding that if he did not do it, he would be likely to be arrested.
Assange could be extradited to Sweden following the claims of sexual crime, after having exhausted all possible paths under the British law after the Supreme Court invalidated the call he gave against his surrender at the beginning of the month.
Fair that Stockholm authorizes its transfer to the United States, he found refuge at the Embasade of Ecuador in London on June 19, asking this South American country political asylum.
Scotland Yard has "delivered a surrender opinion against a 40-year-old man asking him to run for a police station, on the date of his choice", said a spokesperson.
He continues to violate the conditions of his release under bail.
The Ambassador refused to comment on the issue of the opinion by the police.
Assange fears being extradited from Sweden to the United States where he could be accused of spying, after unveiling more than 250 000 American diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks website fighting against secret information.
How Biometry will invade our lives
No more words to tack for access to his smartphone or pay his purchases?
American, French, or Japanese researchers tell us a future where we will be recognised by the Biometric sensors of telephones and computers.
Bernard Didier, deputy chief executive of Morpho, even thinks that "the century will be Biometric".
Only Biometry will make it possible to ensure the identity of a person carrying out transactions in a universe as transverse and transnational as internet.
Organizations dedicated to the protection of privacy confirm this swimming for Biometry, but worry about it.
In 2011 and France alone, the National Commission of Information and Freedom has authorized 774 fingerprinting systems, hand form or veginous network of hand in companies, administrations, canteens...
"Everyone can soon be identified, anywhere and anywhere", Judicn Brookman, responsible for the privacy of consumers in the CDT (Center for Democratic y and Technology), in Washington.
The reasons for such an optimist, at home, and pessimism, among others?
Biometrics will be based on new techniques that will make it possible to make new services to citizens and consumers.
Today, in France, the most used Biometric data are fingerprints, the contours of the hand and the vegan network of the break or fingers.
But each of these techniques has its restrictions.
"For example, some people who work concrete have very abyss and their fingerprints are illegible." Philippe Robin, the technical director of the identity domain at Thales Commission.
And the collection, as well as the verification of the vegan network and the sleep of the hand, assumes a voluntary and specific gesture of people.
It's both a security - we cannot capture these data unwittingly - and one disadvantage: the procedure sometimes has to be repeated and so takes time.
As a result, research has been carried out for about 20 years on other approaches, such as recognition of the face or iris (the colorful part of the eye).
Thanks to the increase in the precision of sensors and the ability to calculate the computers necessary for data analysis, these techniques become operational.
The precision of the facial recognition has multiplied tenfold over the last five years, calculates Cyriille Batelle, director of the R & D laboratories in Europe.
With our help, the United Kingdom and Holland have deployed automatic border crossings using facial recognition.
It is now possible to identify a face or an irris on the movement.
"Today, we carry out research on the recognition of voice or the way to walk with sound sensors, but we need a silent environment", says Sridhar Iyengar, director of the security research in Intel Labs.
Unity and inalsireliable, DNA also gives rise to hope and worries.
"In the current state of knowledge, it can be considered the ultimate biometric data", confirms Sophie Vulliet Tullie, head of studies, innovation and the future of CNIL.
But the analysis of DNA is still very long and very expensive.
NET offers judicial police services a value costing 90,000 euros to analyze DNA samples in the place of a crime and in an hour.
The uses of biometrics are divided into two groups: identifier (recognize someone among others) and authentication (making sure that the person is the one she claims to be).
The identifier until now concerned the issue of identity papers: we need to confront the Biometric elements (fingerprints, photo, iris) with the information that the State has on all citizens already fixed.
This makes it possible to ensure that someone does not try to usurp someone else's identity.
This principle of comparison can have other applications.
NET proposes recognition of VIP at the entrance of a hotel or store.
"We're recovering the images of surveillance cameras and comparing them to photos of celebrities who circulate freely on the internet", explains Dany Nassif, who is responsible, at NEC France, for the commercial development of Biometric identifiers.
Another use: take a photo a damn that is queuing queue in a store, follow its progress thanks to facial recognition and calculate waiting times.
authentication concerned at first physical access (borders, protected local, canteens...) or logical (opening of a computer).
More recently, there was the monitoring of attendance.
"A Biometric Investigation avoids the phenomenon of copain that is leading for another", justify Cyriille Batel, from Accenture.
But more and more, authentication will also affect transactions, especially those made from devices connected to the internet.
In Japan, it is already possible to remove money from certain distributors by introducing his card and putting his hand on a Biometric reader: this gesture replaces the hint of the secret code.
A similar technique is tested in Villeneuuve-d'Ascq and in Androll by Natural Securty in partnership with banks and teaching of the big distribution: when paying in a store with its banking card, the client doesn't tap his code, but introduces his finger in a reader who sits the veins.
The experiment is planned for six months.
If it's conclusive, the Biometric readers could soon arrive at the French tradesmen.
Strikes to reassure users
There are three ways to make Biometry attractive in the eyes of the general public.
The first one is to explain that she can save time.
"If, thanks to Biometry, a client remains in cashy thirty seconds less, it's good", explains the director of a big surface.
The second is to offer personalized services: in a few years, a thief server can recognize your voice and offer you options on measure.
And, finally, reassuring by highlighting the caution taken to protect databases.
"fingerprints are stored on a first server; people's identities are on a second basis: the correlation between the two numbers is encrypted and stored in a highly secure box, which blocks if we try to move it", lists Philippe Robin, of Thales.
But due to lack of thorough studies, it is impossible to know if these speeches really convince users.
Private protection specialists, they continue to worry.
"The progress of facial recognition, the multiplication of surveillance cameras available on Facebook, Flickr or Picsa, make me fear the worst: widespread surveillance", prediction Andrew Patrick, the Commission for the Protection of the privacy in Canada.
A driving driver at 210 km / h with a hot drink between ham has been meted out of £1000.
A car driver has been fined £1000 for running at 210 km / h with a warm drink that is balanced between his legs.
Andrew Howi, 35 years of Tiptere in Essex, was repented leading his Mercedes Benz on the A120 to the height of Baintree on May 27.
When the police stopped him, they discovered the drink to take between his legs.
At the Court of First Instance of Colchester, Howi admitted driving crime without the necessary caution and attention.
The seven points removed on his permit led to a 6 month permit withdrawal.
Howi was also sentenced to pay fees of £90 and a 100 £100 victim victim.
A tax on foreign property owners to burst the London bubble
The treasury has temporarily calculated the measure of the capital gains tax but waiting for a definitive decision by Mr Osborne who, in the 2012 budget, has written a 7% right of stamp for properties costing more than £2 M and the annual costs for buyers who choose to hold properties In the context of a society rather than individually.
The right of stamp already applies to residential properties in districts in Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea, and represents £708 M on the 2012 / 13 tax year, which exceeds the total amount of Northern Ireland, Wales, Scotland, Scotland, The Northeast, Northwest and the region of Yorkshire and Humber put together.
Mr Cook said: "Following the increase in the right of stamp on high value properties and the introduction of anti-avoidal law in this area, it is very difficult to advance that the properties of high value are underimposed regardless of the effects of the obsolete residential tax system."
"But this change could make foreign investors reticent about buying properties in London or the current reticent owners of the idea of selling", he added.
The building house of prestige - the 5 to 10% of the highest prices in the housing market. In the thriving sector in South London that stretches from Fulham to Wimbedon, has increased by a record percentage of 11.8% in the last year.
Prices in the center of London show regular growth from year to year by 5.6% but have been overshadowed by a growing "internal market", the South West of the city, the north (7.4%) and is (6.5%) knowing recovery, according to studies in SAcadels.
Scientists have just highlighted the way in which the movements of a dog's tail are linked to his mood.
Previous studies showed that happy dogs more retrieved their tail toward the right (from the point of view of the dog), while the dogs win it more toward the left.
But now scientists say that dogs can detect these subtle differences and answer.
Professor Georgio Vallortigara, a neuroscientists from the University of Trente, said: "Everyone knows that in man, the left side and the right side of the brain are involved in a different way in the stimuli that arouse positive or negative emotions.."
Here we tried to see what was happening with other species.
He added that as well as at home, at the dogs, the brain's right to the left was responsible for movement towards the left and vice versa, and that both hairs played a different role in emotions.
To know more about how dogs react to the disordered queue movements of other dogs, researchers followed animals watching films where other dogs were included.
They measured the cardiac frequency of animals and analysed their behavior.
It will surely not be long before we understand why their tail sometimes goes on one side and sometimes on the other.
Professor Vallortigara explained: "We presented to dogs of films where other dogs included other dogs - either a naturalist version or a silver to avoid any other confusion factor.."
When the animals saw a dog without expression upping the tail toward the right (from the point of view of the dog that won the tail), they stayed perfectly relaxed.
But when they sacked a queue mainly from the left (again from the point of view of the dog that won the tail), their heart frequency has speeded up and they seem anxious.
Professor Vallortigara said that he did not think that the dogs deliberately communicate among themselves thanks to these movements.
He thinks rather that dogs know by experience the movements they should or should not worry about.
He added: "If you meet on several occasions with other dogs and if you notice that, most of the time, the movement of their tail toward one side is associated with a more friendly attitude and that the law leads to a less friendly attitude, you react according to this experience."
Researchers indicate that the results could allow owners, vets and drunks to better understand the emotions of their animals.
The specialist behavior expert John Bradshaw, a professor invited to the School of Veterinary Sciences at the University of Bristol, said that it was not the first study to look at the importance of the left and the right in the canine species.
Last year, a team from the University of Lincoln discovered that dogs were turning their head toward the left when they watched an aggressive dog and the right when it was a joyous dog.
And in another scientific study carried out by the University of Victoria in Canada, he said: "dogs go more easily to a robot dog when his queue brings to the left rather than to the right, instead of becoming anxious – the opposite of what appears in the Italian study. ”
He said that the differences could come from the fact that dogs participated in different studies did not completely consider the animals of films or robots dogs as dogs.
A study on how dogs react to real dogs could be useful, he explained.
"Although many elements raised in different mammals indicate that both sides of the brain are used for different purposes, many details still have to be specified - and dogs are no exception." He said.
However, given the ease with which their behavior can be registered, it will surely not be long before we understand why their tail sometimes moves on one side and sometimes on the other.
Artic Monkeys postpones a concert in Glasgow because of the disease of Alex Turner
The rock group Artic Monkeys has deferred a concert in Glasgow after an aryngitis diagnosis has been diagnosed.
Sheffild's group was to take place on Friday in the concert room The Hydrocity in town.
However, his laryngitis forced the singer Alex Turner to reprogram the show.
The announcement was made after the group was forced to postpone a concert to the LG Arena from Birmingham Thursday.
In a declaration on their official site, Artic Monkeys said: "Following the decision to postpone the concert to LG Arena from Birmingham tonight and after having asked for a medical opinion, Artic Monkeys must also postpone the show for the Hydroro of Glasgow on Friday 1 November."
"Alex Turner suffers from a laryngitis and regrets not being able to happen in concert."
The show at LG Arena of Birmingham will take place on 20 November and the one in Glasgow's Hydrome will be held on 21 November.
All the tickets remain valid for these concerts.
We want to apologize to all the ticket holders for any inconvenience.
Thanks to contact the service customer at the ticket ticket where you bought your tickets for any additional assistance.
Pope François will name his first Cardinal in February
Pope François will name new cardinals of the Catholic Church for the first time on February 22, announced the Vatican Thursday.
Cardinal are men to church the highest placed in the Catholic Church behind the Pope, and those who elect him, so François will name his first group of men who will ultimately choose his successor.
There are currently 201 cardinals.
But as soon as a cardinal reaches the age of 80, he can no longer participate in the election of a Pope. This therefore comes back to a group of 120 "voters".
In a declaration announcing the new, Father Federico Lomardi, a spokesman for the Vatican, said that a meeting bringing together all the existing cardinals would take place before the ceremony in which bishops will be raised to the dignity of Cardinal, known as the name To conspiracy.
"Pope François decided to communicate his decision to call February's consistia in advance so as to facilitate the planning of other meetings that require the participation of Cardinal from different parts of the world", said Lombardi.
Jack Valeralo of Catholic Voices said that by February, the number of voters voters will probably have fallen.
He said that a Pope in general called as many cardinals as he had to so that the number of voters would reach 120 and as much Cardinau as he wanted.
Next year's conisty will be important because it will be the first since Pope François's election in March this year, said Valero.
For the moment, there is some kind of tendency to give priority to Europe and especially Italy.
"It will be interesting to see if the new Pope will name the Cardinal from the rest of the world to restore the balance", he added.
40% of Roman Catholics live in South America, but a small number of Cardinal represent them.
The Cardinal will also be the first to be chosen since François formed the board of Cardinal, a group of eight Cardinal from all over the world responsible for looking at ways of reforming the church.
Previously, the Pope decided alone.
"From now on, François chose these eight cardinals to help him", explained Valero.
He added that he was "completely possible" that François requests advice to Cardinal.
But we have never known such a situation – she is completely new.
Valero indicated that the boss generally raised bishops representing large communities in Cardinal rank, but that François was "full of surprises - so we don't know who will name".
GM recalls some of his new pickwps in the United States to repair the seats file
General Motors Co reminds about 19 000 of its new pickups Chevroslet and GMC Sierra and GMC Sierra 2014 to solve a problem with the files that will be included manually, according to a declaration on Friday of the American organization responsible for regulating vehicle safety.
On some pictups, the seats before could present a default at the inclination mechanism.
As a result, the files do not respect the federal safety standards of vehicles concerning the support.
"If the vehicle is caught by the back, it may not be the case that the headache does not properly protect passengers, thereby increasing the risk of injuries", according to the declaration made on the National Highway Tracic Sfeetty Administration (NHTSA).
The remembered models were built between August 1 and 10 September.
The deployment of GM pictups started in June and represents the launch of the most important vehicles for the first American car manufacturer since its bankruptcy and restructuring in 2009.
GM informed the owners of the default in the first half of October.
The NHTSA has not been able to examine the letter of information to owners because of the 16 days judgment of government activities, which slowed down the growth of vehicle sales in October.
Soft sales Silverado and Sierra, which were redrawn for the 2014 model, increased by about 20% in the first 10 months of the year, said GM Friday.
In October, GM sold 42 660 pickyps Silverado and 16 503 pickps Sierra.
GM shares soared by 1.4% to reach $37.47 on the New York stock exchange Friday afternoon.
A worker dies under concrete blocks.
A construction worker is dead under dozens of concrete blocks, Thursday the day before noon in Montreal.
The drama took place at 11: h on the street Marquette, near the intersection of the street Beauwell, in the round-up of Rosemont-La Pery.
In all probability, work on the foundation was taking place in this place for some time.
A rebellious foundation wall had just been erected in the last few days.
The accident happened at a time when the victim had just arrived on the site to recover his tools.
I went to car and saw the wall collapses with a big mog of smoke, said Sylvain Jean, who remains close to the site.
I'm landed and I went to remove the big bricks that would recover it.
We only saw part of his back, it's so unfortunate.
According to the authorities, the victim is an old man in the 50 or so working for a coffram company.
Reanimation maneuvers were tried by emergency services, but without success.
Man didn't survive his serious injuries.
A inspector of the Committee on Health and Security of the Committee on Health and Security was dispatched to investigate the circumstances surrounding this drama.
A Obama voter's cry of despair
I voted twice for President Obama, believing in the possibility of a change
He says that Obama has made some praiseworthy efforts with obstructionism in the Republican Party.
obstructionism does not excuse the difficulties of the Obamacare site, nor the drones attacks
The memory of Obama ’ s 2008 campaign is a sad reminder of what could have happened.
Nathiel P. Morris is studying in the 2nd year of medicine at the Harvard Medicine Medicine.
I'm in the process of reading a sad book these days.
It's a book that, I thought, would encourage me during the morseness of the 2nd medicine year and give me hope.
He is called "The Audacty to Win" and he is the memoirs of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.
When I ended up medical reports from my patients in the evening and I was laughing, this book brings me back at the time when policies inspired millions of people and the speeches could cut you off.
The election ended with a landslide victory and presenters of news news took the time to think about the historical nature of the moment.
My comrades mourn joy and my parents kept all the newspapers they found.
A young team of visionaries was moving toward the White House and the nation was ready for change.
During Obama's transition period before taking office in 2008, he had 82% favorable opinions.
And then I close the book.
Return to the present is a difficult reawakening, it's like leaving a dream.
It is difficult to remember these days of optimism, they are like a long time away, a sad reminder of the opportunities of the past.
The change really took place in the years that followed the first time I voted.
It had nothing to do with what I had imagined.
I put to the credit of Obama great achievements, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act (affordable care law) until the departure of Iraq from our army, passing through the end of the "neither seen nor known" and the murder of Osama Bin Laden.
Also, I think that partisan obstructionism has destroyed too many efforts aimed at moving our nation forward in the field of immigration reforms, public health care and the closure of Guantánamo, among other things.
But having defended Obama's administration many times against my peers and my colleagues, I can't give an explanation anymore.
I'm on the verge of political despair.
Republican obstruction can't explain the bugging of foreign leaders, nor the attacks of innocent foreign children by drones.
She can't explain that the National Security Agency collects data on the privacy of Americans, nor the indictment of whistleblowers who reveal the government's misdeeds.
She cannot justify the murder of Anwar al-Awlaki, an American citizen, without trial, neither the evasion of public funding and the overspending of expenses during the presidential election.
She cannot justify the conclusions of a report that says that the efforts of the White House to silence the media are the "more aggressive... since the administration of Nixon".
And, more recently, she cannot excuse the impossibility of designing a simple website for more than three years after the Affordable Law Care Act has been ratified.
I don't know if that's what I expected.
If, at 18 years, I was supposed to understand that governance could contradict the political campaigns that precede it.
Obviously, the electoral function is not predictable, because the political opposition party and the events that happen by chance, like the Newton massacre, influence our public conversation.
However, all the examples I listed above seem to be largely the choice of administration.
That's what annoys me most.
I voted again for Obama in 2012, but not because I was excited by his candidacy.
Mitt Romney presented a confused and unrefined alternative that seemed not to be able to determine his policies or positions.
I felt that Obama, elected for a second term by being freed from the pressure of future elections, would get the promises that we had been hearing about for so long.
But while the favorable opinion index plunged below 45% this week, it is even more difficult to come back to 2008 through this book.
It makes me want the many promises that have soared.
This week, I read the part of the book that describes how Obama has suffered enormous losses for Clinton's Primaylvania Primayors.
At a post-campaign meeting, he told his team that they needed to return to the right path and remain true to their cause.
"I want us to focus on our talent", he said.
We must remember who we are.
5 years later, Mr President, and I don't agree with you anymore.
The points of view expressed in this comment are only those of Nathiel Morris.
On Friday, at 3 o'clock, a violent collision between a motorcycle and a car took place in Rétinne at Féréon.
The late, Jonathan, 26 years old, from Féréon, wasn't wearing caveats.
Despite the rapid emergency intervention, he died during this frontal collision.
Clive Palmer claims that MP Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest about the Parental leave system.
The deputy billionaire Clive Palmer argues that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest about the Parental leave system because his girls could be pregnant and enjoy this system.
The mining of mining, which challenges the payment of a carbon tax of 6 M M, has asserted this argument to try to remove questions concerning a possible conflict.
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate, which could be crucial when deciding if carbon and mining taxes have to be deleted.
But Mr Palmer claimed that only ministers could have a conflict of interest and indicated that Mr. Abbott's girls were ready personally to benefit personally from these policies.
"He will have an important conflict of interest when it comes to paying parental leave because if one of his girls is pregnant, he will have a direct interest in the fact that she gets a leave or not," said Mr. Palmer.
Two months after his election, the electoral commission officially declared that Mr. Palmer won the siege of Sunshine Coast of Faurfax by 53 votes, after recounting.
Mr Palmer has put forward the idea of reshuffling the strip system of votes to speed up the process.
Tony Abbott's girls, Francis and Bridglet.
Should this election be decided two months after the vote is finished?
"We need a better system", he said.
Why can we not have a system in which you can enter, seize your details in a computer, vote immediately and have the result at 6: 30 in the next morning?
Mr Palmer also criticized the use of paper pens to score votes.
Is it in order to be able to erase the result if someone does not agree?
Today, having a paper piece of paper seems extraordinary.
The Electoral Commission has studied the options for electronic voting and recently published a joint reflection paper with New Zealand.
Mr Palmer, 59 years, said that his political project included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and that he would take his new office "very seriously".
The exercise of public functions is a public service issue.
"We don't look for rewards, except the reward of history because we have to serve the community at a critical time", he added.
A biologist team led by Wildlife Sociation Society in New York identified a new species of dolphin to work off the northern coast of Australia.
Thbbaux Bououx, responsible for the scientific mission to the Observatory and the Aniails and Milocations Marins (OCEAMM) comes back for Le Express on this discovery and explains the long process of identifying new species.
Does the discovery of this new species of dolphin surprise you?
It's good news, but it doesn't surprise me particularly.
If in the past, species have been described and identified on morphological, anatomical and geographical basis, today, the development of new tools such as genetics allows us to improve our knowledge in the sciences of classifying species.
Moreover, it's not impossible for these genetic advances and molecular biology to challenge the classifications or belonging of a species of a kind of a kind, a family, or even an order.
At the beginning of the 19th century, the morpholologists classed animals, based on the morphological differences between species.
Today, some of these rankings are called into question because of the progress of genetics.
Similarly, two species that are very close to morphologically have been distinguished thanks to genetics.
This is the case with the new species that has just been identified.
A dozen years ago, the scientific community recognized two species belonging to this sub-family: the dolphins in the Pacific and the whales at the Atlantic.
Recent analyses have made it possible to distinguish four species.
Why is it an important discovery, as the Wildlife Sociation Society said?
From a conservation point of view, it is essential to know these genetic differences, in order to protect the species and therefore its genetic variability.
If this population were already known for a long time by researchers, they didn't know that they were part of a new species, only present in this place.
So if a massive death problem caused by a viral epidemic or accidental capture arises in the region, we could deal with the extinction of a species, rather than a local disappearance of a population of a more widely spread species on Earth.
This loss of genetic inheritance would be much more problematic.
A species is considered threatened or endangered depending on the number of existing individuals on Earth, that is, the stock, and the possibility that it has to recover from its neighbors' stocks.
As for the Sousa Tousa species, whose population of the new discovery is coming out, its stock has automatically become smaller, making it more vulnerable.
Why is it rare to discover new marine mammals?
Marine mammals are located at the top of the food chain.
They live in homogeneous, open housing, where there are many genetic exchanges between people and individuals.
This gentle brewing limits the creation of new species.
Conversely, more closed ecosystems favor genetic isolation, which can create the creation of new species in the long run.
We need to know that the marine environment is the least well known environment.
We prefer to send robots on Mars, than to know what lives in the grave of the Mariannes, only 11 km from the sea surface.
We spend more money on the search for life on other planets than in marine research and it's high time that it changed.
RBS suspends two traders on the exchange market.
Royal Bank of Scotland suspended two traders of its exchange market division according to two other sources of the file, which shows once again that the international investigation of the suspicions of manipulations of the currency market is starting to bear fruit.
Some of the biggest banks in the world, especially UBS, Barclays Bank, Deutsche Bank and RBS, have confirmed that they work with the supervisors in the investigation into the most important financial market in the world, where $5.3 trillion-dollar change each day.
Both traders are RBS employees to be suspended in the context of expanding the investigation that echoes the scandal of manipulations of the interbank rate Libor.
The bank, which refused to comment on the suspensions, confirmed this month having received requests for information from the regulators.
"The ongoing investigation on this case goes on and we work fully with the FCA and the other supervisors", said a representative of the bank two weeks ago.
Last month, sources close to the file said that RBS had transmitted emails and instant messages, sent to and by a former trader, the British supervisor, the Final Condutty Authority.
This trader, Richard Usher, left RBS in 2010 and would have been suspended from his post as a European official of trampling for the currencies of JPPorganic.
Rohan Ramchandani, the European official of the exchange rate trading at Cité, was released this week, while Matt Gardiner, senior currency trader at Barclays and UBS, was suspended by Standard Charterried this week.
None of these traders has been accused.
Mr Usher's file included instant messages sent and by bankers working at Barclays and Citigroup, added sources close to the file.
UBS this week explained that she had taken action against some of her employees after the Swiss regulator, Finma, said he was investigating suspicions of manipulations of the exchange market in a number of Swiss banks.
In the world, at least six authorities – the European Commission, Finma, the authority of suisse competition suisse, the FCF, the American Department of Justice and the Hong Kong monetary authority. Excuse claims made about bankers who would have agreed to manipulate rates on the exchange market..
HSBC, Citigroup, JPPorgan and Crédit Switzerland also launched internal surveys or received requests for information from supervisors, indicated sources close to the file.
The banks are spitting out instant messages and emails sent for years to find cases of reprehensible acts.
news about these surveys has shaken traders in a sector that has been one of the biggest drivers of growth of investment banks in recent years, but which has been called into question this year because of the low exchange of currencies that limits the opportunities for speculators.
Some bankers tried to downplay the case by saying that it's almost impossible to manipulate the vast exchange of exchange rates highly liquid, but the boss sensed that this isn't necessarily true.
A senior trader said that despite the high volume of daily exchange transactions, the fragility of liquidity between the trade management platforms and the increasingly frequent use of banks on their own internal platforms "explains that it is possible to start having an impact on the market. little expenses".
The news came on the same day when Crédit Switzerland announced that it had sent a trader working in his office for the funds negotiated on the London stock exchange this week after it caused a $6 M loss at the end of last year.
The bank quickly informed the competent authorities and worked with the supervisors.
"We are convinced that the trader has acted alone and that the affair has been mastered", indicated a representative of the Crédit Switzerland.
The investigation into Mayor Rob Ford has been botched, supports a lawyer.
After the police confirmed having put their hands on a copy of the video that would show Rob Ford fucking the crack, Me Clayton Ruby has supported having never seen a "such bottle investigation."
Me Ruby said believe in La Presse Canadian that the police had "ignored or minimized" evidence against the mayor.
On Thursday, the police arrested the occasional friend and driver of Rob Ford, Alexandr Lisi, aged 35, and accused him of extortion relative to the video.
Alexandre Lisi, previously accused of drug trafficking, was in frequent contact with the mayor.
The police said to have also observed this man delivering parcel to Rob Ford, indicating new court documents.
Me Ruby has called the fact that the police have never searched the vehicle of Rob Ford or his home, or put on listening to his phone, arguing that the police chief Bill Blair chose with knowledge not to act against the mayor.
Under the law, the police, having seen suspicious transactions in their own hands, could very well have intercepted the vehicle of Rob Ford, arresting the mayor, and carrying out a search - even without a mandate.
She could also have requested an instant search mandate, if deemed necessary.
The police chief did not comment, but his spokesman Mark Pugas called the words of Me Ruby called "obvious and desperate" to assert himself to the media in a case that doesn't concern him in any way.
In the press conference, Thursday, Mr Blair said that there was nothing in this video that could be "reasonable reasons" that could lead to the tabling of a criminal accusation against the mayor.
European Bourbons declining at the middle of the sitting, except London
With the exception of London, the main European stock markets are moving down Friday in mid-sitting, masked by some news of disappointing companies, while Wall-Street is expected to increase.
Moreover, investors remain careful because they think that the US Federal Reserve could unsettle its policy of QE earlier than expected.
Conversely, after the announcement of an inflation of 0.7% for the entire euro zone, the idea is spreading among the market players that the European Central Bank (ECB) could relax its monetary policy.
The future of Wall Street presses an upsurge of US actions rising, after two consecutive sessions of withdrawal.
To values, Renault (-4.63%) has the strongest record of CAC 40, masked by the warning on the result of its partner Nissan Motor Friday.
Royal Bank of Scotland (-6.26%) marks the worst performance of Eurost300, after also having published declining results this morning and announced the internal creation of a dishing structure ("bad bank")) bringing together 38 billion pounds of the most risky assets. Oh, I don't care about it.
For its part, Vodafe (+ 2.45%) remains in the forefront of the EuroFirst300 increases in reaction to press information that AT & T studies a possible takeover bid.
On the exchange market, speculation about the evolution of the monetary policy of the ECB is good, as John Hardy, strategist at Saxo Bank, testifies.
The unique mandate of the ECB has always been inflation, so Mario Draghi and his team have more reasons to act at next week's meeting.
We anticipate a high potential reduction of the euro.
In this context, the euro is continuing its retreat against the American currency and has reached a lower level of two weeks to 1.3517 dollar.
These same guys support the euro zone bond market in the opposite direction.
The Supreme Court validates Obama's reform law.
Great victory for the Obama administration: the US Supreme Court has today declared that Obama's reform law is a constitutional one.
By 5 votes against 4, judges validated the individual mandate of the Patient protection and Affordable Care Act (law on the protection of sick people and affordable care) - which demands that citizens subscribe to health insurance by 2014, otherwise they have to pay a fine - and have said it was constitutional under the government's power of tax.
The president of the Supreme Court, John Roberts, has rallied to the four most liberal members of the Court, while judges Scalia, Thomas, Alito and Kennedy expressed their disagreement.
The Court also validated the other sections of the law of 2 700 pages pages and also considered that the provision of the health system reform law, which states that the threshold of the election threshold should be lowered, otherwise all the federal funding of the program would be lost, was coercive in line with the constitution.
The procedure to block the law has been committed by 26 states and the National Federation of Industry.
All the major republican candidates in the presidential election in 2012, including designated candidate Mitt Romney, were fiercely opposed to the law.
Vibrating paid to former combatants in Moteon.
At the heart of the cemetery in the Tybuquet, civil, religious and military authorities, as well as many patriotic associations, this Friday afternoon paid a tribute to the soldiers and deputies of all wars.
There were gerbes in two of the three cemeteries of the cemetery by the mayor Jean-Claude Guubal and various personalities.
Pollution between the Palestinians and the Israeli on the border of Gaza
Four Hamas fighters were killed and five Israeli soldiers wounded on Thursday, 31 October 2013 at night during a violent hall at the border between Gaza and Israel, the most serious event in the Palestinian territory for a year.
The only power station in the Gaza strip stopped functioning on Friday 1 November after its fuel stocks burst, announced the Energy Authority of the enclave Palestinian enclave.
A local commanders of the Brigade Brigade Brigades, Khaled Abou Bakr, and another context of the army arm of Hamas, Rabieh Barikeh, were killed by a tank shooting shr during an enactment of the Israeli army at the is Khan Younès, in the south of the Gaza strip, according to local medical sources.
Two other local officials of the Al-Qassam Brigade Brigades, Mohammed al-Qassas and Mohammed Daoud, found the death when an Israeli helicopter opened fire in the same region.
Their bodies were discovered later.
According to Palestinian security sources, the four fighters were driving a surveillance operation in the border zone between the Palestinian enclave and Israel.
An attack on a tunnel dubbed by the Palestinians.
According to the same sources and witnesses, an Israeli tank and a blunded bulldozer made an injection of a hundred meters inside the territory before leaving later.
The confrontation lasted half an hour, according to witnesses.
In a communiqué, a spokesman for Hamas, Sami Abou Zouhari, paid tribute to the four "heroes" and claimed that Israeli soldiers had found their death during the confrontation.
Hamas congratulates the heroes of al-Assaam who fell by defending the territory during a cursion of the Zionist occupier at Khan Younès.
Several enemies were killed and wounded during the operation.
"Hamas ensures that Gaza will be a hell for the occupier", threatened the spokesperson.
For its part, the Israeli army indicated that the target of its operation was initially a section of a wide tunnel fuelled in Israeli territory since the Palestinian enclave, discovered on 7 October and destined, according to the army, to "terrorist activities".
Hamas claimed the use of tunnels to fight against Israel, specifying that the goal was to remove Israeli soldiers to exchange them against Palestinian prisoners.
The operation aimed to prevent future terrorist attacks using this tunnel, explained an Israeli military communiqué.
During the operation, Hamas triggered an explosive slap in the face of the TSahal forces (the Israeli army) and injured 5 soldiers.
Israeli Attacks in northern Syria
"This mission was imperative because of the risk of using the terrorist tunnel for attacks against Israeli civilians", also indicated the spokesperson of the army Peter Lerner.
On the other hand, Israel has hit a military base in the north west of Syria aimed at a shipment of missiles destined for Lebanon's Shiite Shiite movement Hizbollah, on Thursday 31 October the Al-Arabiya satellite channel.
An American official confirmed a "Israeli strike" but did not give details on the target.
"In the past, the targets were missiles transferred to izure", he just added.
Israeli government officials refused to confirm any information about such an attack.
Cities with "exclusive sources" that she didn't name, the Saudi capital channel indicated that "the bombing targeted a shipment of sol-air missiles destined for Hezbollah in Lebanon", referring to the powerful Shiite movement Lebanon that fight the rebels alongside Syria's forces.
Earlier, a Syrian NGO, the Syrian Observatory of Human Rights, reported several explosions heard on Wednesday at the dawn of an air defence base at Sonar Jabé, near Lattquié, on the coast of Syria.
This organization based on a network of militants and medical sources had not been able to identify the origin of explosions.
Going back to black and white for Marie Chouinard, who is present at Danse Danse, her two new group chorus chorus: the first inspired by Henri Michau's pres and poems, the second injection by the famous solos of piano Gymnopaque. Death of Sdiplomacy.
A evening that allows us to see all the prism of Chouinard, of art to the tips and the black of ink in the white.
A white screen serves a fundamental wall.
On the carpet, white as well, in the huge space that is the Theatre Mairese, goes ahead, profile, end like a black line and clothes, a body.
On the screen, a ink from Henri Michau is planned.
The body, simple, takes shape.
And this form will be that of the entire coin: a physical imitation of physical imitations of drawings.
The dancers, completely dressed of black, only the hands and undiscovered face, expect from each side of the game area, rush when the next graph appears, embody it, come out in the news.
This black and white game of Henri Michaaux is being made by solos, in group in unison (a mass that does solo), in a large group of 12 solos where everyone executes his sign.
We think about "Gloride in the morning" where, in solo, Chouinard was carrying out a series of chorical tasks written on cartels, posted online in the front stage.
It's the same principle, a giant PowerPoint version.
Here the music is strong, it's strong, electric guys and guys.
Energy is high, the pace is always fast.
There will be a break when Carol Prior takes refuge under the dance of dancing, to hand out, hand in hand, without sober or restraint, a part of Michau's poem, Monode and Monotone in shouting, and will continue by dancing.
And the music to leave, and the sequence to resume.
This sound and energy discharge, long, if it's possible, ends up dwelling and engulfing.
Like the regularity of the visual rhythm as well.
There are some nice fucks - the creation of images has always been a force at Chouinard - like these hair who gets bogged down or these black tissues that proliferate the lines.
But the chorlegrapic approach lacks composition.
We get the impression that the choréraphe, instead of going to the meeting of Michau's work, has imposed himself, with her tips.
Result: the bodies seem to be flat in front of drawings.
The cucks of Michau, like Gestalt forms, open up a larger and gigantic imaginary than the dance, which is more porous.
Only the end, in negative, with its dancing dangers hacked by a strobocopic light and white signs in a suddenly black theatre, touch magic.
The public liked, the welcome was warm.
The Gymnopaths, after the enact, is richer.
The scene is partly flags of Grey, dancers and piano are covered by tissues, like furniture in a neglected house.
At the piano, dangers were relaying to play the sidelines.
Their touchy music, touching music gives real fragility.
On the scene, spend couples, in love duos, very senseless, even erotic.
Labor of group, small transitions, intercinters that move around, shocking, writing is less binary.
Shoffers appear, as familiar with Chouinard, running the red nose, in love parades that are very polarized.
The mores are carnasers, smokes or players.
Meetings, laughter and shouting shouting transpose the archaic, grace and ridiculous of the bodies in coot, people who are based.
But the coin takes its real flight after salvation.
A clown comes back in stage when the public leaves.
In this case, everything becomes permitted: the fourth wall falls, the universe exploded are superseded, the boomers danced, come out among the spectators, globe, smoke, bypass, play with codes of the applause, stretches the sauce in a highly calculated mess. I'm still a senior suffel.
Jojoy and madness transpify, and it's the art of Chouinard, there, to contaminated the public.
Google, Samsung and Huawei are subject to legal proceedings concerning Nortel patents.
The group that owns thousands of former patents. Nortel, started an avalanche of patents on patents on Thursday against mobile phone manufacturers, especially Google, the company he hairted at the post sale of patents that took place after the Nortel bankruptcy..
Rockstar, the consortium that acquired the patents Nortel for $4.5 Md, lodged a complaint against Samsung Electrics Co Ltd, HTC Corp, Huawei and four other companies for patents in front of the Assede Court. United States in Texas.
Rockstar is held jointly by Apple, Microsoft, Blackberry, Ericsson and Sony.
Google is accused of having violated seven patents.
Patents contain technologies that make it possible to display an advertisement related to the terms of research on the Internet, have indicated the conclusions of the trial, which is the job of Google.
It was not possible to join representatives of Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Rockstr.
Samsung, Huawei and HTC make telephones that work under Google's Android operating system, which gives a ferocious competition to Apple and Microsoft mobile products.
In 2011, Google made an initial offer of $900 M for Nortel patents.
Google has increased its offer several times, and finally offer $4.4 Md.
After losing Nortel patents in front of Rockstr, Google has later acquired Motorola Mobile for $12.5 Md, a market partially based on the Motorola patent library.
"Although he failed in his attempt to acquire patents in question during auctions, Google violated and continue to violate the so-called patents", indicated the conclusions of the trial.
Rockstar calls for damage and higher interests against Google, because it claims that Google's patents violations are stubborn, according to the complainant.
Explosion of a house in Gesves: a defective water heat.
The grandmother would have lit a cigarette during a gas leak.
The explosion of an housing in Gesves, which made two serious wounded on Friday morning, a grandmother of 52 and his 5-year grandson, is due to a gas flight from a defective water heat, indicated on Friday night the replacement of the Roi public prosecutor.
The expert dispatch on the spot ensures that the origin of the explosions is purely accidental.
The grandmother lit a cigarette while there was a gas flight and accumulation of gas.
The vital prognosis of both victims is still committed.
The grandmother was projected by the explode and was seriously burned.
The little boy, who stayed at his grandfather and his grandfather, was on his side and was burned slightly slightly.
"Both victims were intubbed and long conditioned on the spot before being taken to Liège's Car of Liège, she in an ambulance helicopter," specified the bourgaster tre José Paulet, descended on the scene.
Trust, the grandfather was on the floor at the time of the explode.
Wait and except, he was able to join the landslide by the staslier remained intact while the back wall of the house was completely destroyed.
The grandfather and tenant of the neighboring house, fragile by the explode, were relocated by the president of the CPASS.
Anne's firemen from Anne and Namur and the police of the Arches have intervened.
Civil protection in Crisborn has settled both buildings.
Egypt asks the first freely elected president to lend.
Mohamed Morsi lent the inauguration of investiture, but it's unlikely that his day of triumphe marks the end of political conflicts in Egypt.
The Islamic Mohamed Morsi promised the rise of a "new Egypt" when he lent the inauguration of the presidency to the presidency, thus becoming the first freely elected president and succeeded of Hosni Mubarak who was hunted from power 16 months earlier.
During his investiture in front of the High Constitutional Court, Mr. Morsi has also become the first freely elected Islamist president of the Arab world and Egypt's fifth head of state since the overthrow of the monarchy 60 years ago.
He sworn in front of the 18 judges in the black court of the Court. The building located on the Nil was built to look like an Egyptian temple.
"We want better tomorrow, a new Egypt and a second republic", declared President Morsi during the formal ceremony broadcast live on public television.
"Today, the Egyptian people have laid the foundation for a new life - absolute freedom, real democracy and stability", explained Mr. Morsi, a 60 year-old engineer in the United States, from the Muslim Brothers, a fundamentalist group considered for more than 84 years since his training as an illegal and hard-pressed organization. repressed by successive governments.
Hundreds of soldiers and police kept the building when Morsi arrived shortly after 11 hours, local hours, followed by a small convoy.
Only a few hundred fans had gathered before the Court to cheer the new president and, moving away from the presidential fascists of the Hosni years, traffic was only briefly interrupted to allow the passage from his convoy to the very frequented streets linking the city centre to the southern suburbs.
Seen like the uncharismatic "rescue wheel" of the Muslim Brothers, his personal prestige has strengthened considerably since his victory and Friday speech during which he tried to portray himself as the candidate not only of Islamists but of all those who want to finish the work started during the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian President Hosni Hosi.
"Egypt is today a civil, national, constitutional and modern state", said Mohamed Morsi, in blue suits and red costume, addressing the judges present in the orchestrated boister room where he lent oath.
Later, Mr. Morsi went to the Cairo University where he gave his investiture speech.
He was officially hosted by a military fanfare who played the national anthem while he was putting himself in the garden.
The marechal Hussein Tantaoui attended the ceremony.
On his arrival, he was greeted by the song "The people and the army, hand in hand..." engendered by thousands of people gathered in the great university amphitheater.
Full in 1908 and a former bastion of secular education, the university of Cairo later became a string of Islamist student groups in the 1970's.
Mr. Morsi made an oath on Friday in Tahrir place, where the uprising that ended the authoritarian regime of Hosni Mubarak last year, and jury to recover presidential powers, including the military council, which replaced the former president, ousted, has deprived him.
But by agreeing to lend officially to the Court, rather than in front of Parliament as it is used, he is prone to the army's will by showing that the fight for power is not over.
Mr. Morsi's speech in Tahrir place accompanied spectacular populist actions.
The shutdown in the USA has slowed down the rise of the car market.
The closure for 16 days of most federal administrations weighed on the growth of car sales in the United States in October, show the figures published by the manufacturers on Friday, five of the six main have performance performance lower than expectations.
The three big Detroit builders show two numbers growth compared to October 2012 but only General Motors did better than expected.
Analysts anticipated on average 15.4 million sales in annualized pace and corrected seasonal variations, but the market established 15.3 million according to the estimate of Adam Jonas, analyst of Morgan Stanley.
In a note to the bank's clients, he thinks this slight brake is explained in first place by "the government Shutdown 'and its impact on the consumer's feeling in the first half of the month."
GM, however, reported an increase of almost 16% of its sales last month at 226 402 vehicles, compared to 211 563 waiting for the consensus.
The group's four brands have seen their commercial performance improved compared to October 2012.
Ford, which continues to benefit among others from the success of its pick-up, saw its sales progress by 14% over a year to 191 985 vehicles, while the consensus expected 194 301.
For its part, Chrysler, controlled by Fiat, announced a 11% increase in its sales to 14083 vehicles, compared to 143 536 expected.
Toyota and Nissan also display lower sales than consensus, despite increases over a year of 8.8% and 14.2% respectively.
At the stock exchange in New York, the GM action earned 1.4% at 16h35 GMT while Ford gave up 1.1%.
Renault plummeted on the stock market with Nissan's warning
Renault accuses the biggest decrease in the SBF 120 index Friday in Paris after its partner Nissan Motor announced having reduced by almost 20% its annual net profit forecast, report traders.
Nissan, who had to carry out such a review, also announced a reshuffle of his direction.
Several traders reported that Renault action was affected this morning by the "Warning".
"It's clearly Nissan's profit profit" says a person responsible for the Parisian broker's sorting.
In the context of the Renault-Nissan alliance, Renault holds 43.4% of Nissan's capital and Japanese manufacturer 15% of French, according to data from the Nissan website.
Greece: two deaths in a shooting near a local of the neo-Nazi party
Two people were killed and another was seriously injured on Friday night by fire fired by two people who were on board a motorcycle who went to a local of the neonazi Audit party in the West suburbs of Athens, was taught police.
The police were not in a position at the moment to give information about the identity of the victims and their possible political affiliation.
Some Greek media reported that Golden Dawn members had supported the victims were guards of their local people.
The injured person was immediately hospitalized, according to the same source.
Police officers of the anti-terrorist service went to the central avenue of the suburbs of the suburbs Iraqi Iraqi suburbs, where the incident took place and closed the neighborhood.
The accident comes a few weeks after the indictment of six members of Golden Dawn, including the leader and founder of the party, to participate in "a criminal organization" in the context of an offensive against this party launched after the death of an anti-fascist musician by one of his members.
Scott Brown ’ s rejected call
Scott Brown, the Captain of Celtic Glasgow, saw his call rejected and will be suspended for the next two matches of the League of Champions of his club, against Ajax and Ajax Milan.
Expulsed against the Barça for having addressed a blow to Nymar, the Scottish environment has seen its suspension extended to three meetings by UEFA.
In a communiqué, his club said "very disappointed", considering that his appeal was entirely justified.
Almost 50 000 homes are deprived of electricity throughout the province, shortly after noon on Friday, because of the violent winds affecting many regions along the river Saint-Laurent.
The sectors most affected are the Laurentides with 15 042 subscribers plunged into the dark, Montegoverned with 13 464 and YOUs with 8642.
The large region of Montreal also has a lot of failures with almost 7000 bullshit households in the metropolis and Laval.
Did you think that travel agents belonged to the past because of the Internet?
Flight Center seems to reverse the trend.
society has changed its net profit forecast and hopes for record results thanks to holidaymakers in Australia and the United Kingdom.
The travel agency is now expecting an underlying profit for the entire exercise located between $325 and 340 M before taxes, against a previous forecast of 305 to 315 M.
If current predictions are reached, it will represent 12 to 17% growth compared to the record profit of $290.4 reached in 2011 / 12.
The director General, Graham Turner, said that Flight Center had made 8% profit in the first semester and that the second semester had started in strength, especially regarding travel other than business trips in Australia and the United Kingdom.
"Since the beginning of the year, the 10 countries in which we are present are profitable, and several of them are well on the way to making record results on the whole exercise before deducting interest and taxes." He said.
This concerns Australia and the United Kingdom, which are usually the countries that generate the biggest profits.
In Australia, the leisure trips sector went back during the second semester, which made it possible to compensate a domestic market for business trips in light.
Similarly in the United Kingdom, Flight travel travel trips have produced good results while business customers have spent less.
His subsidiary in the United States got back his losses during the first semester where seasonal demand is lower and had to benefit from the whole exercise for the third time in a row.
The actions of Flight Center have increased by 3 cents to reach $38.20 yesterday.
Inknown strangers shoot on a hotel near the Cairo pyramid
Inknown strangers have opened fire this Friday on a hotel close to the Cairo pyramid pyramid without making victims, as a result of an apparent quarrel with redundant employees.
The attackers took the flight, specified the spokesman of the Ministry of the Interior, Police General Abdel Latif.
This attack comes while Egypt receives almost no tourist since the army deposed the Islamist president Mohamed Morsi at the beginning of July and repressed the protests of his supporters.
Schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics, spelling and grammar.
In English literature courses, students will have to study at least one piece of Shakespeare, a nineteenth-century novel, a romantic British fiction and a contemporary British fiction work of 1914.
The examination will also present "new texts" to encourage a more diversified reading.
A combative literature and English language will be deleted.
From 2015, students will have to pass an independent GCSE and will be strongly encouraged to choose a separate qualification in English literature.
The Ministry of Education must publish its new English and male programs tomorrow – the first subjects to be subject to a radical review.
It will change in other fundamental matters next year.
On the other hand, Ofqual, the Office of the Survey Office, will unveil a reshuffle of the structure of the GCSE, with a new rating system and less classes.
Speaking during the summer, Michael Gove, Minister of Education, said that there was a "broad consensus about the need to reform our exams system to restore public confidence" by insisting that the GCSE would be "more stimulant, more ambitious and more rigorous.".
Studies show that English schools spend less time on maths (116 hours per year, 3 hours per week during the school year) than most other countries.
In comparison, Australia ’ s schools offer an average of 143 hours per year, and the Singapore students do about 138 hours.
Although there is no formal obligation to spend more hours of employment at the time to the mtheists, sources close to the coalition government have indicated that the GCSE of deeper meals - as well as the greater importance attached to the materials listed in international rankings - would probably encourage schools to guarantee more of them. hours of classes.
The program will put more emphasis on the "real world problems", especially financial mathematics.
This judgment means that a law text adopted in July in this state and largely calling into question the right to abortion will be able to enter into force.
A octogenarian hosts children with a Muy gun to Hallween
minors aged 9 and 13 years old were doing the door to call for sweets in Hallween night.
One of the vicinity of the Muy's neighborhood visited by the children has opened the door by holding his hunt.
The old man, an old man of 86, explained to the gendarme he had been scared.
His weapon has been confiscated.
The former Gestapo leader buried in a Jewish cemetery
Müller, who disappeared at the end of the Second World War without we ever regained her trace, actually was buried in a common mass of Jewish cemetery in Berlin, says the leader of the Memorial Memorial of Germany, Professor Johhannes Tuchel, in Bild.
Müller did not survive at the end of the war.
"His body was buried in 1945 in a common fodder of the Jewish cemetery from Berlin-Mite", he assured daily with a high degree of titles by relying on archives of archives.
This revelation, 68 years after the end of the Nazi regime of Adolf Hitler, would respond to one of the great enigms of the Après-War.
The German secret services, BND, and also during the summer of 1949, Müller was in Karlovy Vy, then in Czechoslovakia, according to a document obtained by Bild.
The secret services were totally wrong.
"From August 1945, the body of Müller was found in a temporary grave near the former ministry of the Reich of the Reich by a commando", according to Mr Tuchel.
He referred "a uniform of general".
"In the left internal pocket were especially his service states with a photo", he continued.
Bild also publish a document of the town council of the Mite district in Berlin indicating that he was buried in the Jewish cemetery Jewish in the neighborhood.
The president of the Central Council of the Jews of Germany, Dieter Graumann, has declared himself shocked by this revelation.
Whether one of the most brutal Nazi sades is buried in a Jewish cemetery, it's a enormity of bad taste.
"grossly trample the memory of the victims", he insurmounted in the newspaper.
Heinrich Müller is one of the important personalities of the Third Reich who were never caught.
He participated in the Wannee conference in January 1942, which decided on the "final solution" and had in particular under his orders. Adolf Eicchmann, responsible for the "logistics" of the extermination of the Jews, sentenced to death and executed in Israel in 1962.
Pamaela Anderson cut his emblematic jokes and adopted a spectacular cut.
Pamela's blonds have become famous thanks to her role in the TV series sexy Alerte. Alerte.
Pamaela Anderson is the last famous person to shock her fans with a spectacular new hairdresser.
Former beautiful nana from Alerte in Malibu let down her long hair blonds against a cliché bonde blonde plonde.
The 43rd actress unveiled his new look while she walked around L.A. Wednesday and shared a photo on her Twitter page.
It's the first time in 20 years that the nice blonde gets cut off the hair, and we're a fan of discreet change.
What do you think about the Piy's hairdresser?
Tell us what you think in the comments below.
It works in the mud, the jungle and going through rivers to offer free medical assistance.
Dr. Georges Twle discovers free healthcare in the villages of Cameroon.
Dr. Bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend in order to see hundreds of patients.
There are not many doctors in this country of West Africa, barely 1 for 5 000 inhabitants.
Vote here or via your mobile machine
Dr. Georges Bwelle is one of the 10 Héros CNN from 2013.
You can vote for him, or one of the 10 other heroes, to elect him "Héro CNN of the year".
This person will receive $250,000 to continue his extraordinary work.
For 21 years, Georges Bwelle watched his father sick of alternating times of conscience and recklessness and went to hospitals that were not equipped to help him.
Never before has Bwelle been injured in a car accident in 1981 near Yauné, Cameroon's capital.
At first, he had only a broken arm, but he contracted an infection that spread to his brain, creating a haematomas he was going to wear the sequels the rest of his life.
"There were no neurosurgical people in Cameroon," said Georges Bwelle.
We would have taken it abroad if we had enough money.
Instead, Bwelle spent years supporting his father in crowded clinics and hospitals, so that he would get any treatment he could enjoy.
"It's not easy," adds Mr. Bwelle.
You can leave the house at 5 hours, you get to the hospital to be the first, and you're not the first.
There are a lot of patients.
People can die because they wait too long.
The situation has not changed much since the death of Dr. Bwelle's father in 2002.
In Cameroon, there are only 1 doctor for 5 000 inhabitants, according to the World Health Organisation.
By way of comparison, the ratio in the United States is 1 doctor for 413 inhabitants.
And even if they could see a doctor, many Cameroons could not pay the consultation.
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line, and almost three quarters of the country's health expenses are carried out in the private sector.
"The only problem they have is poverty" explained Dr. Bwelle.
And because of poverty, they can't enjoy life.
Having seen his father and as many of his compatriots suffer, the Bwelle was determined to try to change the course.
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his volunteers team have carried out more than 700 surgical acts free of charge during the last year.
He became a doctor himself, working like surgeons vascular at the central hospital in Yauné.
And he created a non-profit humanitarian association, ASCOVME, which goes to rural areas during weekends to provide free healthcare.
Since 2008, he and his group of volunteers have helped almost 32 000 people.
Almost every Friday, with 30 people, they get into fodder after setting medical equipment on the roof and going through difficult areas to go to the villages that need help most.
The chance doesn't always follow them.
They have often had to push vehicles to cross rivers or pious paths.
But when they arrive, they are received as heroes: the community organizes a party, banner and dance and offers them the best available housing.
In these villages, free healthcare is a good reason to celebrate, and Dr. Bwelle - with his great smile and his spy energy – is more than happy to join the festivities.
The next morning, the team starts to receive hundreds of patients.
"We get 500 people on each visit", said Mr. Bwelle.
They sometimes live 60 km from the village, and they come to foot.
In this roaming hospital, various health care is provided.
Many people receive treatment against Malaria, TB, malnutrition, diabetes, parasites and sexually transmitted diseases.
Others can receive crutches, a pair of lunted glasses or a free birth certificate – document necessary to go to school, but many poor families simply cannot afford to buy it.
Tonight, the practical team of simple surgical acts under local anaesthesia.
The operations are generally carried out in a school, a town hall or a house; after the intervention, the patient goes up and goes to the awakening room to leave his place to the next person.
Thanks to the lighting of the electrogen group, the operation room and sterilization of the equipment, Dr. Bwelle and his volunteers work until the first hours of Sunday morning.
It's a resounding pace, but the village musicians generally help the team remain motivated.
"They knock on stamps all night to keep us awake so that we can continue to work", explained Mr. Bwelle.
On Sunday, the team returns to town, tired but proud of the work she has done.
The group, composed of Cameroon and medical students, carried out 700 surgical acts free of charge during the last year, and he knows that their presence can make all the difference for those who they come to help.
A man explained that the free operation he had experienced to treat a grass would allow him to work again.
"This will change my future and that of my family", said man.
In addition to making this mobile hospital live and working as a hospital surgeon, Dr. Bwelle also works night in private medical firms around Yauné.
It's this second job, he explained, which finances at 60% his association; the rest is covered by private donations.
"I don't know when he sleeps", said Kdiplomacy O'Malley, a medical student in the second year of Drexel University in Philadelphia and volunteer within the group of Dr. Bwelle.
He is still in hospital or trying to find money for his association in order to be able to lead these campaigns.
For medical students and nurses from nurses like Kdiplomacy O'Malley, who come from the United States and Europe to join Mr Bwelle in his missions, it's an opportunity for learning on the ground that they don't have at home.
"We were able to participate in operations to help ponder the blood or pass the instruments to Dr. Bwelle", explained Miss O'Malley.
It's not something you have the opportunity to do in America when you are a medical student in second year.
voluntary students pay in general their trip to Cameroon, and often arrive with medical equipment collected.
But once in Yauné, their pension, their transportation and education are taken care of by the doctor Bwelle.
"It's a hero, there's no doubt", said Kdiplomacy O'Malley.
He gives his life for this association, and his desire to help the Cameroon people is not close to getting out.
For Dr. Bwelle, the relatively constant workload is not a problem.
Helping others to live happy while keeping the promise he made to his father is something that brings him a huge joy.
"I'm so happy when I do this job", added Mr. Bwelle.
And I think of my father.
I hope he sees what I do.
Making people laugh and relieving pain are the reasons that lead me to do that.
Take the website ASCOVME to see how you can help.
The two France of Pierre Nora
Perplex, academics have long struggled to define and locate Pierre Nora.
Professor in amphitheaters and the classes of classes?
Without doubt, but highlighting her weak for the cross paths, Scences-Po, the High Etudes.
Arbitrary of other people's works in his street office in the street Gason-Gallimard?
Indeed, but ignoring the hidden work and the subterminal writing of the editor.
Hertier of the occupied he Fontainebleau Fontainebleau at the French Academy?
Of course, but knowing that such a sacred would not be able to replace the true holy oil, that of the thesis, which happened.
They willingly recognised in him a great shit, animator and federator of their work, but to point out that he was not very willing to produce himself himself.
To this uncertain image the monument of the "Live of memory", to which he attached his name, has also contributed.
The bad languages were able to see a huge market in chips, presented by an intelligent commentator, with a lively and lesbian eye of erudiction, but inimably dilette.
The two books published by Nora almost two years ago have already established that the person who went to not write had a lot and well written.
The book here should definitely give him justice.
Yet, once again, we find the temptations of ubiquity, intellectual vaginage, jubilation to be jumped like a app of one subject on the other.
But we quickly understand that the disparate objects brought together in this book to such a beautiful title bring the buctor to one and the same passion: the one to discover the constituent's constituent of French identity.
Why these dramatic calls to national unity?
Identity: it's a concern of the time.
Only recently, we were collectively invited to give it a definition.
But in the pervasive spirit of our leaders then, the French identity was a gasoline gasoline.
Only by deploying accidents, and the case, Jacobinism requires, was given to the prefects and subfects, authorized interpreters.
The one from Pierre Nora is completely different.
He doesn't ask himself for an eternal francicity, he refuses to define himself.
Analyst about a familiar stranglehold, he hurts in a forest of symbols, stopped every step by a rebus object, tormented with irritating questions.
You're born, who comes from the company itself: why, in a country that's so long installed within its borders, so formerly charted and firmly made, are these dramatic calls for unity?
They are so pressing, suggested by Pierre Nora, that to avoid the disturbance born of the discord of French history.
Francs and Gaulaws, Armagnacs and Bourguignons, Catholics and Protestants: the forces of division, here, are very old.
And the most emblematic is obviously the one that flies in the face of national history.
From the semism of the revolution, the French have two stories and they have two nations, a monarchist, the other revolutionary.
The second wanted the death of the first, but without being able to deny it. On the contrary, they wanted to find the sacred and all the more greedy for unity and indivisibility that she had cut off her head to the obvious and powerful embodiment.
And, from this point of view, an invincibly binary nation, shared between left and right, secularism and Catholicism, worship and hatred of the revolution.
To make this unique of French identity feel worth it, nothing worth the four not outside of the Hexaggerone, so the American hire of Pierre Nora could well be the heart of his book.
Because America and France have one and the other a revolution, written a declaration of rights, wanted to create a new society.
But the American column makes it better to underscore what is specific to us.
There, men who left their Ancien to England and had no need to care about it.
Here, masked men of an ancien of an Ancien region, and all the more radical.
There's a consensual revolution when it sowed drama and configuration.
There are some founding fathers who are still honored, and here the revolutionaries whose models are hard to do, and who have also killed themselves.
There is institutional constancy here, and here a cascade of constitutions, like many mistakes to be made and of tests to resume.
France that is going on, France that comes from it
However, there was a time when the French thought they could recoup the robot teeth of their history, and defeat the curse of the figure two.
At this IIIe, central and creative moment, Pierre Nora showed a lot of interest and tenacity: welcoming those who then used to repair the revolutionary divide, teaching school children all that in former France was preparing to modern France obviately and by proposing them. A united version of their history.
But this peaceful identity has only had a long time.
Here again it is in debate, mired by immigration of a new type, threatened by the rise of resonative minorities, absorbed in the European space.
The book therefore offers both the fascinating portrait of France that goes and the circumspect sketch of France that comes.
With, on top of that, the portrait of the historian, who should reserve some surprises.
We discovered that the railway worker was a caseer.
The man of multiple cuosities was turning, slightly obsessively, around the same idea.
The mantle of manure is at the center of the center.
And the one who tabled, more than half a century ago, a subject on the idea of nation, but had taken away from the initial exercise of the thesis, entrust us with, cum fat, that he will have ended up doing it.
Of course in a less well-off form, more broken and more subtle.
But let's not deceive ourselves, just as binding.
Because much more than the imposed figure of university education, this is what says the internal necessity of a life.
A former hostage in Lebanon: "The return is quite complex to manage"
Removed in Beirut on March 8, 1986, with three members of his "Antenne 2" team coming to film a demonstration by Hizelne, the journalist Jean-Louis Normandin was released almost 21 months later, on 27 November 1987.
Retreaty since 2008, he participated in 2004 for the creation of the hostage association "Use of the world", which he has presided over for several years.
His main objective: to get the hostages to complain and to bring their hostage takers before the International Criminal Court.
More than 1 000 days, the four hostages of Aqi (Al-Qaida in Islamic Maghreb) Daniel Larrebe, Thierry Dol, Pierre Legrand and Marc Féret were released on Tuesday.
After medical examinations at the Val-de-Thanks Military Hospital on Wednesday afternoon, they were able, since then, to find their families.
And try, slowly, to resume the course of their lives.
"The New Observer" questioned Jean-Louis Normandiin, 62 years old, ex grand delay, retired since 2008, president of the association of the world.
From the evening of your release, you were on the 20h Hh of "Antenne 2".
What are your memories of your release?
In particular, in Beirut.
When I'm released, I find myself in the coffin of a car where I meet - without seeing it because it's black - Roger Auque.
He tells me "we're released", but I'm not sure, and tell me that we can still be killed.
We're very excited, but very tense too.
It's war, and those who drive us are also very tense.
They put us on the edge of a trotch.
There are Syrian soldiers.
We then arrive at the site of the Summerland hotel where the press is present.
French people bring us to the French Embassy.
It's time for parents, family, friends, press...
I remember taking a bath for an hour.
And having dinner in T-shirt to the French Embassy.
I also remember a short night to talk with Roger and Marchiani.
The tension is still there because we have no means to evacuate us to Larnaca Airport in Cyprus.
Arrived there in helicopter, we take a private plane that brings us back to France via Corfu and Solrenzara, where Pasqua boasts.
How did you arrive on French soil?
We're going to Orly.
Chirac, Prime Minister, is there.
It's a bit brutal.
There is an incredible butcher.
And many media.
When I left there there were three television channels.
I come back and there are lots of them.
The downfall of the airplane raid, the reunion with my son and my parents, my friends, all of this is extremely strong in emotion.
Between the airport and at home, many motorcycles follow our car that Ratcushé leads.
The motorists get out to do photos and follow me up to my home where I have to do a bit of the police to prevent some of them from rising.
The media pressure is enormous.
It doesn't stop, we are well placed to know...
But the state of emotion and fatigue is so difficult to see.
We get out of a hole and we're suddenly under media fire.
It's a bit complicated, a bit violent, quite complex to manage.
But we've done the hardest thing.
The night, I'm at 20h, the next day too I'm on TV.
Then a kind of adjustment to life, very slowly, for one or two months that are a bit like vacations.
How happened to medical examinations and DGSE DGSE?
I had the right to a first medical control in Corsica.
The rest was done in Val-de-de-Thanks the following days, my return: radios, all kinds of exams and meeting with a psychiatrist.
It's not a sitting that does everything but we know that we can count on him, remind him if necessary, that we are not delivered to ourselves.
It's part of the procedure.
I also met the intelligence services.
They asked me questions about the hostage takers.
It was logical.
It didn't annoy me.
How do you react today to the release of the four hostages of Niger?
I listen to what is said.
The debate about ransoms in particular.
Some things annoy me, others less.
I'm trying to distinguish between the questions about my past as hostage and my hat as president of the association of the world, which allows me to distance myself from it, and seems to me to be much more interesting to deal with.
I wonder, for example, about the definition of resilience.
Above all, I am fighting, together with others, for the recognition of the legal status of hostage.
In my opinion, there is a problem with semantics.
We must call the taking of hostages to take hostages "political" - which is the case most of the time - and allow hostages to have access to justice, complain and bring their hostage takers before the International Criminal Court.
Today, once again, everyone is in compassion, in emotion, and welcomes the release of these hostages.
But who says that these hostages could perhaps have access to justice too?
A tribunal in The Hague is done for that.
Why do you not say to the hostage takers "you flouted the rules of war, like those of all the Geneva Conventions, we'll be brought to justice"?
It seems to me, however, founded, legitimate, struck by common sense.
This message is heard, but not listened to, and it shocked me.
It's my main fight.
Egypt ’ s Islamists in the street to denounce Morsi ’ s trial
The anger is growing in the ranks of Egypt's Islamists.
Two days before the opening of the trial of the deposed president Mohamed Morsi, they took to the streets.
A mobilisation throughout Egypt to call for the reinstatement of the first democratically elected president of the country.
It's not a trial highlights this militant of the Muslim Brothers.
Up to now no lawyer has been able to meet him and no volunteer has been able to take a copy of the documents of the case.
It's not a trial, it's a farce.
The trial of President Morsi is a false trial. A pro-Morsi restores a pro-Morsi, it's he who is supposed to make Sisi judge, not the opposite.
Morsi must judge Sisi for the massacres in Raabaa, the massacres of Nahda, and the massacre of the Republican Guard.
Sisi is a liar and a traitor.
clashes broke out in Alexandria, the police used tear gas, 60 protesters were arrested.
On Monday, 20 000 police will be deployed in front of the Police Academy of Cairo, where will Mohamed Morsi be judged.
Hagel criticizes 9 American states for infringing homosexual rights.
Since the federal state recognized same-sex marriage, "all soldiers of soldiers have a right to an identity card from the Defense Department and the benefits that come with", reminded the minister in New York in a speech in front of the Anti-Deamation League to fight antisemitism.
"But some states refuse to issue these cards to same-sex partners in the National Guard installations" established on their territory, denounced, blaming these states for infringing federal law and the principle of equality.
Without these maps, these people can't benefit from the many social or health services provided in these bases, or access their stores.
The Secretary of Defense said he ordered the National Guard leader, Frank Grass, to ensure the implementation of federal law.
The front of the nine states started with Texas that refuses to implement these benefits on the settlements of the Texiane National Guard, because of a conflict between the text text and the federal law on same-sex marriage.
He was joined in his refusal by Indiana, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, South Caroline and Western Virginia, according to a senior defense officer.
The Pentagon considers the population affected by the recognition of same-sex marriage to about 5600 active people, 17 000 by including the National Guard, the reserve and retired people.
Six edition of Play Skateboard This Saturday in Hyène
The sixth edition of Play Skateboard takes place this Saturday 2 November in the Park Park Spark.
Organized by the SK8 Unity section of association Bump, the competition should bring together the best skitators in the region.
The enrollment is taken on the spot on Saturday morning from 9 hours and the qualification stages will start after that, at 10 hours, before the final at 3: 00 and the award of prices at 4 hours.
The public will be able to admire the technical prowess of young people who, for some, already attend competitions at the highest level, like the young profligate of Lorrenzo Plumbo.
At only 10 years, he has already conquered his place this year for the Europe Championships in Copenhagen and he doesn't like anything as much as going back to competitors who exceed three heads.
The mayor of Toronto hunting journalists who came to question him on a drug affair
In Canada, the mayor of Toronto is suspected of taking drugs, according to several media.
A video handed to justice seems to support these suspicions.
The interested, Rob Ford, always denied having consumed cuck, while recognising having a penchant for cannabis.
This Thursday, he kicked several journalists out of his property.
We also think that sometimes the images do not need an explanation or comment.
A case of rage detected at a cat in the Val-d'Oise
Thursday, 31 October, the authorities announced that a case of rage had been detected at a chateon chat in the Val-d'Oise, obviously of foreign origin while France is unscathed from native cases since 2001.
The Chiton was found on October 25 in Argmentil and he died on 28 October.
The rage diagnosis has been confirmed by the Pasteur Institute.
"An epidemic investigation has been launched to identify and take care of those people who could have come into contact with this chateus between 8 October and 28 October included," precise the Ministry of Health and Agriculture.
"Five people having been in contact with the Chateon have already been identified" and received preventive treatment.
"Come on man, the preventive treatment of human rage, managed after contact with the animal, but before the symptoms appear, is very effective" specifies the communiqué.
The departments are now calling the people who would have been dead, clog, emigrated, or lacked on a muquist or on a skin injured by this chateon or whose animal would have been in contact with this chateon between 8 and 28 October to contact the 0811.111th 0.06 / 95 between 10 hours and 6 hours from 1 November.
"Since France has been unraveled since 2001, this chateon or mother were imported from another country, not unscathed" according to the communiqué.
The Ministry of Agriculture specifies that the last case "native" of rage recorded dates back to December 1998 on a fox and that "France is declared officially unscathed from this disease in November 2001 by the International Office for Animal Health (OIE)".
A case of rage on an unlawfully imported chicken from Gambia was recorded in 2008.
"Ries is a deadly disease if it is not dealt with in time", remind the departments and it is transmitted for almost 15 days before the first symptoms of the disease appear.
Obama is taking a step back on his reform of the health system.
Under an avalanche of criticism, President Obama returned yesterday on his unmistakable and often repeated promise that "if you are satisfied with your health regime, you can keep it."
After that hundreds of thousands of people received resonation opinions from their providers, the Republicans criticized the president in the last few days by accusing him of deceiving the American people.
Yesterday, Barack Obama adjusted his original promise.
"The vast majority of people with health insurance who can keep it", he said during a speech in Boston.
Speaking of what he calls "a news story" about the terminations, President Obama pushed Americans who received these opinions to seek new market insurance.
Most people will be able to get full health care schemes better adapted for the same price, or even for even less expensive than expected.
"You will get out", he said.
The Administration announced that we should not be surprised if the 5% of the population who themselves contract their insurance is forced to change regime because their coverage does not satisfy the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act.
"Let me address directly to these Americans: you deserve better", said Kathleen Sebelius when he testified before the Committee on Energy and Commerce in Washington.
Mrs Sebelius, who supervises the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, indicated that the launch in October of the online market had failed "lamentably".
"I'm frustrated and angry as anyone," she added.
I look forward to regaining your confidence.
It's a Kathleen Sebelius exasperated who gave this sentence, when she believed her microphone cut off, addressing a assistant sitting behind her during yesterday's session of the Assembly following an exchange of contentious points of view with Billy Long, Republican representative of the Missouri, to know if she should join Obamacare.
For more than three hours, Billy Long constantly insisted on Mrs Sbelius why "the architect 'of the Affordable Care Act did not voluntarily renounce the government's insurance insurance to subscribe to a regime via HealthCare.gov, that it's it From now on millions of Americans.
Come on a special casque at Abu Dhabi
The happy elected, Janke Prekoop, combined the colors of the car brand and the German flag, while integrating the notions of speed and heat at the level of the runway.
The German Sbastian Vetttel, quaddrople champion of Formula 1 world world, endured for the free tests of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi Friday a special casque whose design was made by a Mexican fan of 21.
Vettel chose among 1,500 drawings sent from all over the world, within the context of a competition launched by one of the sponsors, a car brand, of its stable.
He was invited to follow Abu Dhabi's GP, with a friend, and can therefore see the German champion, the runway and in his stand.
It had to wear this helm on Friday and Saturday, on the tests.
It's probably that he will have another special casque Sunday for the race, destined to mark his 4th consecutive global title.
One inhabitant of Aubervillain launches his suburban party.
Let's not be mistaken.
In the spirit of Abdeel-Malik Djermine, his founder, the "suburban party" addressed not only to banliuters.
I chose a map of France as a logo, he's justified.
When I speak of suburbs, I address all those who are excluded from the great national family.
However, his project, presented on Thursday at the press conference in his municipality of Auberviilers, was born out of the desire to better defend multi-culturalism, this great cultural pot that is above all the neighborhoods.
My proposal No 1 is to create a Ministry of multi-culturalism, he says.
Abdeel-Malik Djermin, 50 years old, a Territorial attached, claims today as "100% apolitical" even if he has not always been neutral.
Militant in 2002 alongside Jean-Pierre Chevée, he then supported local Dominique de Villepin locally between 2010 and 2011.
I know that the equality values that I recommend in my program are linked to the left but if the right wing people are ready to support me, I will also listen to them, he will continue.
There's only the extremist parties I'm not talking about.
In addition to multi-culturalism, Abdeel-Malik Djermne built his -consultant program on Internet- starting from many topics that are supposed to talk to suburbs and especially young people: the right to vote for foreigners, the legalization of cannabis, the civil majority at 16., rehabilitation of the function of guardians of buildings...
We need to find candidates to train lists and defend their ideas on the political scene ".For the 2014 municipal elections, it may be fair, he recognizes".
It's a problem of time and money.
The suburbs of the suburbs should still be represented at Aubervill through my candidacy and I hope in other cities too.
Abdeel-Malik Djermne ensures that he already has seven heads of list in metropolitan France and Marinique.
"And the support that I receive since yesterday does not come from all suburbs" rejoice.
John Kerry admitted without precedent that American spying "went too far."
John Kerry has indicated a softening of the defensive attitude of the United States vis-à-vis his surveillance programs by admitting, without precedent, that on several occasions, spying "went too far."
The Secretary of State also admitted that he, like Barack Obama, governed on "automatic pilot" when a series of inflammatory revelations by whistleblowers Edward Snowden about the NSA's spying activities has seen the light of day.
The leaks put the US government at the center of a diplomatic storm with its allies.
Speaking at an intergovernmentalist conference in London by video link, Mr Kerry said: "It's undeniable that the President, myself and other members of the government have known some things in an automatic mode because we had the possibility, as of the Second World War and until the difficult years of the cold war, then well Ssure September 11."
Then he became the first high ranking member of the government of the United States to admit that American spying had overrun, but insisted that everyone's rights had not been violated.
He said: "In some cases, it went too far wrong."
And the President is intent on trying to clarify and make it clear to people that he is now carrying out a thorough review of these practices so that nobody feels wrong.
I assure you that innocent people will not be abused in this process.
Mr Kerry insisted, however, that the NSA was a force acting for the good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives.
He added: "We live in a new world where people are ready to get out."
There is radical extremism in the world that is determined to try to kill people, make them explode and attack governments.
And if you could intercept their communications and stop them before they act?
We did not prevent aircraft from falling, buildings to explode and people to be killed because we were able to read the facts in advance.
Meanwhile, American legislators will go to Europe to respond to concerns about the alleged American spying affair and convince Europeans of the need to continue the joint efforts to fight terrorism with the United States, Thursday explained the president of the Senate subcommittee on European affairs.
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut pointed out that he spoke to the members of the European Parliament and others this week and that he was worried about the threats they had made regarding a possible withdrawal of anti-terrorist organisations because of the feeling of frustration generated by the monitoring of the National Security. Strike.
"It's really important for the protection of national security in the United States that Europeans stay on our side in the mutual engagement in the fight against terrorism", has declared Murphy, a democrat serving his first term, and president of the subcommittee of European Senate of the Senate, during an interview since Washington.
And I'm going to go to Europe to make them understand that we must continue to work together to fight terrorism, despite the anger caused by NSA programmes.
The press reports that the NSA has captured millions of communications in Europe, which has damaged relations with certain allies of the United States, however the director of the agency said this week that it was wrong and that it was a misunderstanding because it was about metadata that NATO allies had gathered and shared with the United States.
Other revelations have reported documents leaked by Snowden according to which the NSA intercepted data and communications from the cellphone phone from German Chancellor Angela Merkel and those of 34 other heads of state.
The director of the intelligence services, James Claper, justified spying on allies by indicating that it was necessary and that it was a common practice on both sides.
In this atmosphere of tumult, Murphy indicated that his office was holding a congress trip, which should take place this year, and that he was hoping that the delegation would include members of both parties and both chambers.
The names of the other participating legislators should be unveiled in the coming days.
He said that the route was still to define.
Murphy said that the goal of this trip was to make it possible to improve relations, but also to be "emotional firmness".
He explained that European heads of state had to be honest with their citizens about the type of spying programs that they themselves apply for years.
"We can change our monitoring programmes in order to better protect the rights of Europeans, but they must also understand that we are not the only people in the world to make espionage", has said Murphy.
Meanwhile, Kerry planned to go this weekend to the Middle East and Poland to manage the bitch engendered by American strategies in Syria, Egypt and Iran, as well as the surveillance activities of the United States.
London's stock market ended Thursday, paved by the bad results of Shell and the day after the Fed announces the maintenance of its support for the economy, as planned.
An Australian calls for his prison sentence in Thailand.
A 21 year-old Sydney who was sentenced to 15 days in prison at Phuklet for having wrongly claimed that he was attacked by a taxi driver, appealed to the judgment and was released on bail.
Stelife Rochelle Bamford was first deemed guilty by a Phuklet Phuklet Court of Province on 15 June, false statements after telling the Thai police that a local taxi driver, accompanied by two other men who had control, had attacked him early on Sunday 10 June.
However, the recording of video surveillance later revealed that she was coming back to her hotel in safety after being separated from her little Australia friend.
Phuklet police interrogated Bamford for two days before she admitted having invented the story of all parts.
She was held in a local office of the local commission before the audience before the court.
Bamford was sentenced to a 15-day prison sentence in a low-security detention center on the periphery of Phuklet rather than in a women prison.
This is the girl of the former Australia's rugby player rugby player, who called the Foreign Ministry of Canberra to help his daughter.
Tunks told Sunday Telegraph of Sydney that the whole family was "extremely worried" of the well-being of his daughter and wanted her to return to Australia.
"We have obviously lived a anxious moment, but we hope to bring it back to the house safe as soon as possible", said Tunks.
Bamford called for the judgment and was released after a deposit of 50 000 bits.
In Australia, the press said that in the meantime she was on vacation in the Krabi region, south of Thailand.
Thailand's legal sources said that Bamford was represented by a local lawyer in Phuklet, but warned that the call could lead to an increase in the penalty that could go up to two years imprisonment and a prison in a adult prison.
However, after the recent murder in Phuket of Michelle Smith, an Australian traveller worker, Thailand could also seek to improve its image with tourists, which could lead to a acquittal.
The French police will stop supporters of Anderlecht coming other than with the RSCA cars.
The French police decided to lay down strict rules concerning the Royal Sporting Club meeting of Anderlecht against Paris Saint-Gerhand scheduled Tuesday, Marie Verbeke, the spokesman of the police zone Brussels midday, Friday.
The Belgian supporters of the RSCA who want to go to this meeting of the Champions League will have to use the travel system set up by the RSCA.
"The bus convoy will be escorted by the police since a former border post of Rkem until the PSG stadium", sent the spokesperson.
The process will be the same for feedback.
"If other supporters had an intention to go to Paris by other means, the French police prefecture has made it clear that measures were taken to make arrests or even guys in sight", announced Marie Verbeke again.
Living together in French, the challenge of the school commission Marguerte-Bourgeys
At the school commission Marguerte-Bourgeys, 62% of students have a mother tongue other than French.
This is what motivated, a year ago, a consultation with parents, students, teachers and members of the education staff, to think about how to better integrate students who live by several cultures.
The school commission has just unveiled his vision of "Living together in French".
Vision diversity has been around for a year in schools to help students of all origin discover common benchmarks that are not limited to the French language.
The discovery of neighborhoods, our architecture, our places are benchmarks.
Big names of writers, artists, whether they are soup or they have come from elsewhere.
Who are our builders?
"So, we create projects so that they identify with everything", explains the president of Vision diversity, Aida Kamar.
Michel Venne, from the New World Institute, has identified several challenges for the school commission.
"On the transmission, for example, of the Quebec culture, the feeling of belonging, the support for staff in the transformations we live in, he lists him.
The school commission Marguerte-Bourgeys has created a research center that will give tools to teachers who too sometimes come from elsewhere.
Rachida Azouz, from the University of Montreal, will be the scientific director.
Preparation to manage a class in a North American context, Quebecois.
"Different educational strategies, that's the real need", summarize it.
Research will focus on inclusion in all its angles: linguistic, school, social and cultural.
