Survey saves in "wingfollows" above Bogota
The sportswoman Jhonathan Flaez was a Thursday of a helicopter above Bogota, the Colombian capital.
Equimated of a Twingfollows (a combination of air-like), it went to 160 km / h above the famous sanctuary Montrerate, located at more than 3 000 meters of altitude, where many badrads had gathered to observe his exploit.
A black box in your car?
While the planners on the road network of the United States have trouble finding the money necessary to repair the motorway motorway infrastructure, many people are looking for a solution in the shape of a small black box that sets itself above the board of your car.
The devices, which record all the mixes made by a car driver and pass on information to the civil servants, are at the center of a controversial attempt in Washington and in the government offices of planning to rework the obsolete system of financing the main American roads.
The sector usually without interest in the planning of major axes has suddenly triggered a lively debate and heated alliances.
The libertarians joined green groups to press for the government to use small boxes to keep track of the mixes you're talking about, and possibly of the road you circulate, then use the information to write a tax bill.
The Tea Party is landed.
The American Civil Liberties Union is also very concerned and express its concern about the protection of privacy.
And while members of Congress can't agree to know if you have to continue, several states didn't wait.
They're looking for how, during the next decade, they will be able to go to a system allowing drivers to pay depending on the number of miles travelled.
Thousands of drivers have already taken these black boxes, sometimes equipped with a monitoring system by GPS, for an experimental video.
This is really necessary for our nation.
"It's not as if we had the choice", said Hasan Ikrata, director of the Southern California Association.
There will be a change in the way we pay these taxes.
The technology is there to do it.
The pressure comes from the fact that the Highway Trust Trust from the country, financed with the taxes that the Americans pay at the pump, is financially dry.
Americans don't buy as much petrol as before.
The cars can take more mixes with a gallon.
The federal tax itself, which is 18.4 cents per gallon, has not increased for 20 years.
Politicians are reluctant to increase tax, even 1 hundred, while the prices of gasoline are high.
"The gasoline tax is simply not sustainable", said Lee Munnich, a specialist of transport policies at the University of Minnesota.
His state recently made traces on 500 cars to test a system of payment to mine.
"This proves to be the most logical alternative in the long term", he said.
Wonks call that the use fees per kilometre.
It's not surprising that the idea is seduced by the liberals.
California planners are interested in the system because they develop strategies to achieve the objectives set in the ambitious laws of the state on global warming.
But the representative Bill Shuster (R-Pa), Chairman of the Committee of Transport of the House of Representatives, said he also saw him as the most viable alternative in the long term.
The free-market supporters of the Ready foundation also appreciate the idea of making drivers pay for it.
"It's not just a tax getting bogged down in a big black hole," said Adrian Moore, deputy president of the politics Readson.
People pay more directly for the benefits they are given.
The movement is also supported by two former American secretaries in the Transports who, in a 2011 report, called on the Congress to go down the path of payment to mine.
The American Senate approved a pilot project of 90 M $last year that would have been about 10 000 cars.
But the presidency of the House killed the proposal, responding to the concerns of rural legislators representing voters who have to travel many mixes every day to go to their work or the city.
Several states and big cities nonetheless make progress on their side.
The most determined is Oregon, which mobilized 5 000 drivers to lead the country's most important experience.
These drivers will soon pay the State for mileage expenses instead of taxes on gasoline.
The Nevada has already completed a pilot project.
New York City is considering one.
Illinis is trying to test a limited number of trucks.
And the I-95 coalition, which includes 17 agencies involved in road transport in states along the American coast (including Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Florida) studies how it could implement the change.
The concept is not a universal success.
In the Nevada, where about 50 voluntary drivers have recently equipped their car with a device, drivers were worried that the government could follow their cheapest facts and actions.
"concerns about Big Brother and this kind of thing are a big problem," said Alauddin Khan, who runs the strategic management of performance at the Nevada Transports department.
It's not something that people want.
From the beginning of the trial, the Nevada ACLN warns about its website: "It would be relatively easy to transform these devices into a full location equipment."
It is not necessary to build a huge and cumbersome technological infrastructure that will inevitably be wielded to keep the recording of the allés and daily coming of people.
The Nevada is among the few states that are now moving to find an affordable technology that would allow the state to know how many mixes run a car, but without knowing the place or the exact time.
If we can do that, added Khan, the citizens will be more comfortable.
The search of this technology has brought some state agencies to call for a small start-up of California's name.
Originally, society was not destined to help drivers who pay taxes to the states.
She was trying to penetrate the emerging market from auto insurance, in which drivers would pay according to their mileage.
But the devices they test have liked the planners of the main axes because they don't use GPS and provide a limited amount of information, periodically downloaded by modem.
"The people will be more likely to do that if you don't record their speed and do not locate them", said Ryan Morrison, director of the Fue Mileage.
Great mistakes have been made in the pilot programs of some states.
There are much cheaper means and much less intrusive methods to do.
In the Oregon, the planners try the experiment by offering the drivers different choices.
They can choose a device with or without GPS.
They can still choose not to have device at all, preferring instead to pay a package based on the average number of mixes made by all the residents of the state.
Other states hope to sell the concept to people who are wary by allowing the aircraft to do more, rather than not enough.
In the city of New York, transport officials are trying to develop a tax device that would also be equipped to pay for parking fees, provide a "payment for driving" and create a set of data on the real speed from other drivers that drivers could use to avoid traffic jams.
"The drivers would be incited to participate because of the benefits the system offers them", indicated a document on urban planning.
However, some of the transport planners wonder if the whole debate on the payment of mine is not just a huge diversion.
At the Metropolitan Transports Commission Commission of the San Francisco Bay area, the officials say that Congress could very simply manage the Highway Trust Fund's failure by increasing taxes on gasoline.
A supplementary or annual tax could be imposed on drivers of hybrid vehicles and on others whose vehicles do not consume a lot of petrol, so everyone pays their fair share.
"It's not necessary to resort to radical surgery when we simply need aspirin," said, "Réy Renshler, the director of legislation and public affairs in the committee."
If we do that, hundreds of millions of drivers will worry about the protection of their privacy and a lot of other things.
David Boy: four news
The English musician has not ended up surtaking this year.
From The Next Day, appeared in January, he concocted a luxury reedition planned for 4 November, with several news news.
Four have already emerged on the Tole.
The announcement of the appearance of a new album by David Booie left everyone panels.
The day of its 66th anniversary, on 8 January 2013, he said that a new album would come out in March.
After ten years of silence (the last disk, Realitty, the date of 2003) and too rare public appearances, the English musician showed that we could still count on him to snip the pop.
A festival for his fans
Not tired of surprises, David Boy had more of a tour in his bag with The Next Day.
The Thin White Duke thus planned to republish this album on 4 November.
For the occasion, he concocted a real festival for his fans.
This reedition, entitled The Next Day Extra, will be presented in the form of three discs: the original album, novel studio sessions and bulleks, as well as a DVD containing the four cops already unveiled.
The Next Day Extra will contain a total of ten additional titles compared to the original album: the three pieces of the Deluxe edition, five songs specially unveiled for the occasion, as well as two redixes.
David Boy also made the presentations of this beautiful coffy in a video.
It introduces at the same time every disk, but also the accessories provided with it: exclusive photos and poles, a carnet to share his own impressions, a leaflet with the words...
And, above all, he gives a foretaste of his new title Atomica, typically in the vein of The Next Day, with a very good guy and a rock electricity well controlled.
Some news
But Atomica is not the only title to unveil his weapons.
The Informing, Like A Rocklet Man, Born In A UFO are also available on the web.
The Informed is in double front: a worrisome intertrao before a lubbing cavalcade that slowly slowed up to leave a pp balloade.
On Like A Rocklet Man, did Boys want to make a small reference to the Roklet Man of Elton John, or even to Gravity?
With this kidnapped title, the singer seems in any case in his element when he no longer has foot on earth.
Space Odditty, next door, was much more serious.
On Born I A UFO, David Boy once again reference to his stranglehold: would he come from another planet?
The riffers' riffers, funny, give want to leave the Earth.
Boys amused themselves to play the caméleon with these titles: tour tower, man on board a rocket, Marine potential...
It conceals and reveals at the same time, plays different personalities, as he did throughout his career, especially with his characters Ziggy Stardust and Aladd Sane.
It's not surprising that he has a handmaster in hand in the photography of the countryside. The Investigation in the Vyage, the brand Louis Vuitton, whose new face he represents.
It will appear in one of their advertising spots, published from 10 November.
Minister of Defense, Rob Nicolson, insisted that the wounded soldiers wouldn't be summoned out of Canadian armed forces, and pointed out that a transition process was followed by all soldiers before returning to civil life.
Attressed by liberals and neo-democrats in the House of Commons, Mr Nicholson assured that before their release, the army members followed a transition plan in collaboration with their superiors.
All wounded soldiers receive appropriate care for their return to civil life and none of them is released before being ready, he said.
Critics accuse the government of wanting to save money by not allowing wounded soldiers - who do not respond to the rule of "the army's universality" demanding that the staff be able to carry out a series of varied tasks - to reach the 10 year admissibility period required for pension benefits.
In particular, they cited two cases reported by La Presse Canadian, including that of a soldier released last Friday.
Corporal David Hawkins, a reservist of London, in Ontario, reached the post-traumatic stress syndrome, was released from the army despite his request to stay one year more so that he can receive a fully indexed retirement.
His case came after the one from the Corporal Geren Kirken, who said in front of a parliamentary commission, last month, that he was pushed to the exit before being ready because he did not respond to the rule of universality of the service.
Mr Hawkins pointed out that a soldier could be prepared to leave, with plans and consultation sessions, but that it was completely different than the fact of wanting to leave the ranks.
"I told them that I was not ready", he said during an interview with La Presse Canadian Wednesday.
I asked for months if there was a way for me to stay, and they said no.
Since the beginning of the major fighting in Afghanistan, the army is struggling to determine which latitude it can give the wounded soldiers who want to stay inside, but who are not fit in the fight.
Under current rules, injured soldiers have been injured until three years to recover.
If they do not meet the criteria for deploy abroad, they can be forced to leave the army.
Data presented last year in Parliament indicate that among the 1218 soldiers released for medical reasons, 199 didn't reach the service period required to get retirement benefits.
The liberal spokesperson for former combatants, Jim Karygiannis, asked for Wednesday the reintegration of Corporal Hawkins, while the neo-democrat Jack Harris called for the immediate end of "this shameful practice."
Disney on the shelves to launch a animated series
The American media and entertainment group decided to give preference to the tablets on its own TV channels for the next round of a new series of children.
The first nine episodes of Sheiff Callis Wild West will be available from 24 November on the website WorchDisneyjunior.com or via its application for phones and tablets.
His global launch on the Disney group channels is planned only in 2014, details the release of his division Disney Junior.
The animated design, aimed at the children of 2 to 7 years old, tell the adventures of the Chatte Callie, sheriff of a city in the American west where she is putting order in order with a magical laso.
Each episode includes two stories of 11 minutes.
"Interaction with smartphones and tablets is a second nature for children today", commented Albert Cheng, Vice-President responsible for digital products at Disney / ABC Television Group, cited in the communication.
This kind of experience comes within the framework of Disney's efforts to "expand the life span of its series and build new relations with its public thanks to digital platforms that are becoming more and more important", he added.
A survey published at the beginning of the week by common Dense Media showed an explosion of the use of mobile devices by young children in the United States: 38% of the less than 2 years have already served a tablet or phone, and 72% of the less than 8 years, compared to 10% and 38%.
Snowden is ready to "cooperate" with Germany on the question of American supervision
Edward Snowden, the whistlebaster of the American intelligence services, said he was ready to go to Berlin to testify to the German parliament if the National Security Agency of the United States and its director Keith Alexander didn't provide answers on their activities.
The German deputy, Hans-Christian Stöbele met on Thursday Mr. Snowden in Russia, where he benefits from the right to asylum, to discuss his testimony in Germany.
In a letter that the deputy presented to the media in Berlin on Friday, Mr Snowden said: "Although the result of my efforts was obviously positive, my government continues to treat the difference of opinion as a leak and seeks to penalize political discourse with accusations against which it's impossible to defend itself."
However, saying the truth is not a crime.
In his letter, Mr Snowden wrote that he thought that the support of the international community could persuade the American government to abandon the criminal charges against him.
In the context of the complaint lodged by the US Ministry of Justice, he is accused of spying and theft of state property.
Han-Peter Friedrich, minister of the German interior, said to Zeliit Online: "If Mr. Snowden is ready to talk to the German officials, we will make sure that we make that possible."
The relations between the United States and Germany have been severely tested following complaints according to which the NSA had been listening to the mobile phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Thomas Optur, the deputy who runs the parliamentary group overlooking the foreign secret services, said that if there was a chance to listen to Mr. Snowden as a witness "without putting it in danger and completely ruining relations with the United States", we should enjoy it.
Mr Stöbele, a German Green deputy, published a photo of him with Mr. Snowden on his Twitter account.
During his visit to Russia, he was accompanied by two German journalists.
Mr Stöbele said that according to the lawyer of the former consultant of the NSA, Mr. Snowden could not return to Russia if he left the country.
If Mr Snowden had testified in Germany, he should be assured that he would be "security" there, said the deputy.
Mr Snowden wrote in his letter he was the subject of a campaign of "serious and sustained" persecution that forced him to leave his country.
However, he said he was encouraged by the global reaction to "my act of political expression."
Citizens from all over the world as well as senior officials – including in the United States – judged that the revelation of an inexplicable system of permanent surveillance was of public utility.
The letter puts forward an offer of cooperation with the German authorities "when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been solved".
Cogeco Castable could soon offer interactive TV
The subscribers of Cogeco Castable may have access to applications like Facebook, Twitter and the video service service on request Netflix via their television in a future that does not seem so far away.
Cogeco's subsidiary indicated on Thursday that she is currently carrying out preliminary tests of the beta version of this platform with some of her users.
"This will allow us to highlight more user-friendly interfaces as well as more options", explained the president and head of the management of Cogeco, Louis Audet, in interview.
Cogeco Castable thus does not follow his competitors, like Bell, even if the Cogeco subsidiary does not yet have a specific date regarding this new platform.
"We have to adapt and change or resist change and fail", underlined Mr Audet.
The ultimate goal remains to offer tools to which our clients do not currently have access.
The telecoms giant Rogers has already indicated that it could offer Netflix if certain technical details, which were not mentioned, could be settled.
In the United States, the popular video service says being in discussion with some major cables so that its service is available via their distribution platforms.
The p.pono de Cogeco and Cogeco Castable also welcomed the announcement by the government Harper during his Totine speech on 16 October last.
Ottawa wants to force TV and cable TV providers to offer customers the possibility of paying services on the map.
"It's been about two and a half years since we say that the idea of forcing consumers to buy important channels of channels, it doesn't work", said Mr. Audet.
He hopes, however, that the consultations conducted by the Canadian radio broadcasting and communications council (CRTC) will lead to interesting recommendations.
"It will have to emerge from these discussions a kind of new frame of reference to define our new Canadian cultural policy with regard to television", said the PM de Cogeco.
The CRTC has been holding consultations with the public since last week and they should continue with the industry next spring.
As for the results, Cogeco indicated having recorded a net profit of 43.8 million in the fourth quarter, or 82 actions per action.
This is a retrograde step compared to the net profit of 44.9 million, or 83 for action, of the same period last year.
The company established in Montreal explains this decline with depreciation costs linked to new acquisition.
Cogeco acquired the cable cable Atlanc Badband in 2012, established in the United States, for 1.36 billion.
It was the first major acquisition of the company after the one that failed in Portugal.
Last December, the show company also bought Peer 1 Network Enterprise, an Internet provider established in Vancouver, for the sum of 526 million.
As for Cogeco's income, they grew 41.5% in the fourth quarter to reach 504.7 million.
They are 1.8 billion for the current financial year.
The net benefit of its main subsidiary, Cogeco Castable, was 43.9 million, or 90% per action, back compared to 45.7 million, or 93% action, of the same period last year.
However, Cogeco Castable's income has increased by 45% to reach 470.4 million.
The company lost 15 237 customers during the fourth quarter.
However, for the 2013 financial year, the number of customers of Cogeco Castable is rising 5546.
Mr Audand doesn't worry about seeing the number of customers changing in this way.
For me, it's not an indication of a change of trend, he observed.
It varies from one quarter to the next with very strong competition.
From the horse in beef products
From horse meat to be found in the canning boxes of beef products, sold by two small British professors of cheap distribution, today announced the food hygiene agency.
routine tests have revealed that the products, drawn up in January in Romania and sold by the channels.
"As horse meat is not mentioned in the list of ingredients, she should not have been present in the product" explained the British agency.
A scandal about the presence of horse meat in cooked food in Europe at the beginning of the year, following tests carried out in Ireland.
According to tests from the European Commission, France was the country most affected by the presence of this type of meat in products that are supposed to contain only beef.
A collision between two vehicles did four wounded, early on Friday, on road 131, in Lanaudière.
Shortly before 4h, a motorist who was moving in the north, in Saint-Félix-Valois, lost control of his vehicle and lost a car that arrived in the other direction.
The four occupants of both vehicles were injured, but we did not fear for their lives.
The movement came back to normal at 6h, Friday.
Frontier Airlines plans to make your hand baggage pay
Frontier Airlines plans to make the passengers who carry out handbags on his flights pay up to $100.
Frontier Airlines plans to start making up to $100 for a hand baggage and $2 for a coffee or a soda, even though in its announcement Wednesday, it indicated that passengers could take the cane unopen with them at the descent of the plane.
The new baggage fees are related to the bags in the higher compound, so the little bags installed under the siege will always be free.
Frontier said that she would pay $25 if the expenses were paid in advance and $100 if the travelers only paid once at the boarding door.
The spokesman of Frontier, Kate O'Malley indicated that the $100 were planned to encourage travellers to pay the fees in advance.
"We don't want to make this price pay", she explained.
Airlines started making the first and second baggage pay in 2008.
Passengers who tried to avoid these costs were doing as much as they could in hand-hand baggage in higher compartments, so there was often no room in these compartments.
These costs are a way to ensure that passengers transport fewer things on board.
The French said that these new expenses will not really be used to collect money.
It's a question of making the clients of Frontier the most loyal that it becomes more and more difficult to find space in higher compartments.
Passengers who buy their ticket on the company's website will not have to pay.
So a passenger queuing at a boarding door Frontier could transport a bag free, while the next person in the tail could have to pay $100 for a similar bag.
"Malley explained that the site and registration procedures of Frontier are changing to ensure that passengers know the existence of these expenses before coming to the door.
Frontier baggage fees will not be applied before the summer, even though no date has been fixed.
Passengers often rough about baggage and other costs, but the airlines love them.
They think the handling costs of baggage are important and that the passengers who want this service should pay for it.
Many people on Wall Street consider the addition of baggage fees as a sign that proves that airlines make a lot of money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses.
However, many of them did not go to baggage fees.
Spirit Airlines Inc. had applied the first baggage fees in hand three years ago, and the low-cost company Algigiant followed a little later.
The only other company that imposes such expenses is the Hungarian company Wizz Air, said the consultant with airlines.
He estimated, in a report of December 2011, that Spirit's handbags cost $50 $per year.
Sorensen, a former Bidwest Airlines framework, recently traveled on Spirit and asked what it was going to find at the boarding door at a time when the passengers would discover the unusual hand baggage fees imposed by the company.
"I had never seen a boarding procedure as fluid throughout my professional career," he said.
I expected to see teeth and a blight burst at the door.
The plane was full, he added, "the passengers went on board at the speed of clarity".
Frontier also does like Spirit and applies costs of $2 for a coffee, a tea, a soda or a fruit juice.
Frontier has indicated that passengers who take a soda or fruit juice can take the cane unopen with them, and those who take coffee can be served free.
It will always distribute water free of charge.
US Airways briefly tried to make drinks pay for drinks in 2008 but came back seven months later after the passengers complained and when no other big airline had followed.
The decision of Frontier to make handbags pay for handbags when passengers don't buy their ticket directly from the airline is his last effort to encourage customers to go on his website.
Airlines pay for online trips like Orbiz $10 to $25 for each ticket sold.
This has encouraged all airlines to encourage passengers to buy directly with them instead of going to an online travel agency.
However, Frontier went further in this area.
In September, she started to offer only half molds of loyalty to clients who bought their ticket via an online travel agency.
On Wednesday, she reduced the minimum premiums of 25% on a trip.
For example, a Frontier trip with 1 000 miles bought with an online trip agency would make it possible to win 250 minutes.
It also allows passengers to choose their seat in advance only if they buy their ticket directly on the site of Frontier.
Frontier has a loyal customer in his home city, Denver, but his activity is declining and she loses money.
The recipes fell by 9% and its flight capacity fell by almost 13% in the first quarter, according to the financial results published on Wednesday by its parent company, Public Airways Holagings Inc.
The public has tried to correct Frontier finances by selling the airline.
The NSA calls into question an "internal error" and no computer hackers
The National Security Agency working in the shadows said Friday that it was a bug that had caused the breakdown of its public site for a few hours, and not hackers as some had claimed online.
"NSA.gov remained inaccessible for a few hours tonight because of an internal error that took place during a planned update", indicated the espionage agency in a declaration by email.
The problem will be solved tonight.
The claims that the breakdown was due to a service denial denial attack [DSD] are false.
Earlier tonight, online servers tracing have noted that the NSA site had been broken for at least 6 hours, and some users still cannot access the site.
Earlier, a NSA spokesman indicated to ABC News that the agency's sensitive internal network was "not at all" compromise.
No classified information is in danger, explained the spokesperson.
At least a group of online haktivists asserted being responsible for the NSA website with a DSD attack.
The DSD attacks are aimed at inundating a dedicated site until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses.
Cyber tactics are not very sophisticated and attacks are not destined to enter the internal network of the targeted system.
The former NSA once ultra secret, a time called "No Such Agency", has found itself under the spotlight and strongly criticized in recent months following a wave of revelations about its vast communications surveillance programs at national and abroad level - which are among the secret files of the NSA stolen at the agency and disclosed by the former disabusing of the NSA, Edward Snowden.
This growing controversy around the agency caused a lot of speculation that tonight's incident was the result of a targeted cyber operation.
The Delta C-Ville now closed
The hotels Delta C-Ville closed its doors on Thursday in Montreal, after 36 years of existence.
The investment fund that possessed the edifice sold it to promoters who will transform it into student homes.
Three hundred and fifty people were working in the hotel.
Of these, 200 have still not found new jobs.
Delta promises not to let his employees fall.
Employers came to meet employees directly on the spot, we met employees individually to evaluate their needs.
"This bet will continue for the next six months", explains the regional director of the working relationships of Hôtel Delta, Felix Bisson.
The closure of the Delta comes in a very competitive hotel market.
The investment fund that was the owner of this construction had choices to make.
Either he reinvested in building to continue to operate, so there were investments of tens of millions while the competition is very ferocious, there are lots of new hotels that appeared in Montreal.
"Or either he sells him to someone else, and that's what happened", explains Paul Arsenult, the holder of the tourism Chaire Transat to the AKAM's management of the management sciences.
Other Montreal hotels will also be converted in the next few months, like the Crown Plaza that will become a residence for the elderly.
Meanwhile, four hotel projects with almost 600 chambers will come into being in two years.
For the CEO of Titan, "Gooddyear Amiens' purchase project begins with zero employee"
After throwing the sponge with fucks in January for the partial recovery of the Goodyear site of Amien-North promised closure, Mauritius Taylor, the CEO of the American THE THE, says, today, ready to save 333 jobs on the 1 137 in the factory.
Arnaud Monteburg, minister of productive recovery, had already announced it on Monday 21 October.
Having renounced the factory's purchase project in January, you are coming back today.
You had pronounced violent attacks and insults, talking about "supposedly workers" who "work three hours" a day, "crazy unions", targeting the CGT.
We don't understand this U-turn.
Is it to please Mr. Monteburg?
I don't try to make anyone happy.
Except my wife.
Mr. Monteburg, is a young man who is trying to save industrial jobs among the best paid.
If I hurt someone with my words, I'm sorry.
But France has a high level of tax and unemployment as well.
Does the truth hurt you?
To work seven hours a day when in other countries we work eight hours impairs France.
In India, in China and in many other countries, we work 10 to 12 hours per day.
But I have no prejudices about France.
What I see is a factory that produces good agricultural tyres, has good equipment, is well located and has spaces to expand.
Why is Titan so much in need of this factory?
Titan doesn't need to buy this factory.
But, with a correct price and competent workers, it's worth trying.
What kind of agreement do you expect between the CGT and Goodyear?
If, since the announcement of the closure of the factory, Goodyear had offered employees a good start allowance, I think 100% of employees would have accepted it.
Now, imagine that Titan is buying at Goodyear the closed factory.
So, Titan could move machines to Poland or to any other country in the European Union that still has its own currency.
I think Mr. Monteburg knows this.
However, he wants to keep the factory in Amiens with at least 333 well-paid jobs.
Titan agrees to recruit them among the 1,200 current employees of Goodyear.
Also, Mr Monteburg needs a commitment from Titan before trying to get the CGT to sit down at the table with Goodyear.
The first step is for the CGT and Goodyear to agree on the departure expenses for all employees.
So there will be no employees in the factory.
Mr. Monteburg said that you were ready to guarantee these 333 jobs for four years.
Do you confirm it?
The only number I mentioned to the minister is 333.
I know he would like a four-year guarantee.
But, as I told you, the CGT and Gooddyear must first agree on the departure expenses.
If all employees accept them, the purchase project of the factory starts with zero employee.
How can we give guarantees of duration of employment when there are no longer employees on the site?
If Mr. Monteburg succeeds in the fact that the CGT and Goodyear agree and that Titan buy the factory, we intend to stay in Amien-North more than four years.
Bombardier's profit declining, while deliveries and orders of aircraft are going back.
Bombardier Inc, Canadian aircraft manufacturer and rail manufacturer, signalled a 15% fall in its net profits on Thursday, under pressure from a decrease in orders and deliveries of aircraft during the third quarter and contractual problems in its Trohaine division.
Bombardier, based in Montreal, also did not provide flying test data for his whole new CSeries plane nor information to know if the plane will respect its ambitious calendar of commercial service before September.
After the inaugural flight of the test plane about a month and a half ago, it only stolen three times, and the question then asked whether the trial phase was on the right track.
The results didn't match the forecast and the stock prices fell by 8% on the Toronto Stock Stock.
Cameron Doerksen, analyst in the National Bank Final, lowered his rating on Thursday, passing from "performance performance" to "performance performance" because of the low potential to increase the stock exchange during the next quarter or the next two quarters.
"Although the decrease in deliveries of aircraft has been largely anticipated, we are really disappointed by the profit margin in the Transsports division", said Cameron Doerksen in a note to the clients.
We think Bombardier will have new orders for his CSeries planes as the flight tests program progress.
However, if no new order is announced in the next few months, we expect the market to become more skeptical about the program.
Bombardit hopes that the family of CSeries will be able to catapult in the lower segment of a market today dominated by Boeing and Airbus.
The first trial plane was unveiled in March and fled for the first time in September after months of delay.
But the number of firm orders for CSeries planes is modest up to 177. It seems that potential buyers are waiting for the results of the flight tests to validate the claims of society regarding energy efficiency and the potential savings potential of the new line of line.
At present, society has recorded a total of 403 orders and purchase commitments with 15 customers and operators.
Pierre Beauto, president and head of the management, is convinced that Bombardit will reach his goal of 300 firm orders before the commercial service of the first plane.
The leaders also reassured the analysts and the media Thursday by telling them that the program was moving forward according to the calendar.
"The trial plane hasn't stayed in the ground longer than expected", said Mr. Beaumust at a telephone conference, adding that the ground tests and the software updates were planned during the time when the plane was stopped.
Each manufacturer planned differently.
We decided to take a first flight and to plan a update period, and that's what we did.
This will happen throughout the flying program.
The second of the five test aircraft should be stewed up in the coming weeks, the others will follow shortly afterwards, has indicated society.
Yet analysts are skeptical about the fact that the first customer can fly a CSeries plane only 12 months after his inaugural flight.
Bombardier said that she was assessing the entry timetable and providing new information in the next few months.
"This slowness of flight tests - although it is apparently consistent with Bombardier's internal calendar - reinforces our opinion that the entry into service will be pushed back in the first quarter of 2015", said Mr. Doerksen.
In the third quarter, on 30 September, Bombardier's net profit fell to 147 M $$, or 8 cents per action, compared to $172 M, or 9 cents per action, one year earlier.
The result by adjusted action remained unchanged at 9 cents.
The income fell slightly from 4.2 to $4.1 Md.
The analysts expected a result of 10 cents per action and the income of $4.56 million, according to Thomas Reuters I / B / E / S.
The fourth aircraft manufacturer in the world indicated that it delivered 45 planes in the quarter, compared to 57 a year earlier.
The net orders fell to 26 aircraft, compared to 83 before.
The delay in the Aéronautic division represented 32.9 MY to 30 September, which is not changed compared to 31 December of the previous year.
"In Aéronautics, the results were in line with our predictions, but the low number of orders and the general conditions of the market were disappointing" said Mr. Beaumust.
Aéronautics's income fell by 13% to reach $2.
Bombardit, the largest railway manufacturer in the world, said that the income of this division had increased by almost 11% at $2.1 million.
The order books of the Trans-sports division total $32.6 MY to 30 September, or a small increase compared to 31 December of the previous year.
The margins of the transport division have suffered from implementing problems concerning a few big contracts.
The leaders announced that new information would be provided during the fourth quarter.
Bombardier's stock price, which also announced that Patrick Pichette, the head of the Google Inc's financial management, would sit on the management board, fell from 8.5% to $4.83 in Canadian in the afternoon of Thursday.
Brazilian company Embrer SA, third aircraft manufacturer in the world and competitor closest to Bombardier, indicated on Thursday a 10% decrease in its quarterly profit.
Two spraeologists of 23 and 27 years were missing in a chasm under the Death of Crols since Thursday night, was taught on Friday at the help of the Isle.
They were localized this Friday afternoon.
Both men, a aguest one in practice and the other no, went under the land on Thursday at 9: 30 to make a trip from the Death of Croes, located on the communal of Saint-Pierre-de-Chartray.
We were then without any news from them since then, said the same source.
"Spéleeologists should have come out at 5 hours in the morning", said Thierry Larribe, technical adviser to the Spéleo help in the emergency organization.
Dozens of people on the spot
About 20 of the rescues, 10 members of the French Religious Help, as well as police, CRS and firemen were there.
At the end of afternoon this Friday, the two spraeologists were localized.
"It's another group of speleologists who, after having found them exhausted but in good health in the avality, gave information to one of the emergency teams engaged in the network" explains Le Dauphin.
The two soldiers at the 13th battalion of the Alpbéy alpine Chasers were found "exhausted, but not injured".
They lost themselves in the network, returned to their steps while waiting for the help, specified the prefecture.
Result, they should come out in straw with the help of the rescue workers in the evening.
German journalists invited to flee Google and Yahoo
The German journalists' union invited its members to stop using Google and Yahoo online services after new revelations about the activities of the American and British intelligence services.
"The German Federation of Journalists recommends to journalists to avoid any order to use search engines and Google and Yahoo messages," she says in a communication.
She considers "scandalous" the information from Washington Post, according to which the US National Security Agency (NSA) and the government government Headquarters (GCHQ) have collected masses of information by infiltrating international networks that allow both firms to synchronize their servers.
"research carried out by the journalists is as confidential as the coordination of their sources and the nature of their communications with them", added Michael Konken, the president of the union who claims 38,000 members.
Make repaints: a deputy asks for the resignation of Brigitte.
The project of the minister Brigitte grouwels to "link" poles of traffic lights in Brussels doesn't like everyone.
As a reminder, the Brussels Minister of Labors Public and Transport has launched this Thursday at the center of Brussels a test project of painting 16 potetes of traffic lights from the region to the yellow and blue colors of Brussels.
The goal is both "to increase security" and "the Brussels identity".
The idea is, in the long run, to paint all the Brussels signalling lights, for an estimated cost of about a million euros.
But the blue chosen by the minister is "too weird", according to the Brussels deputy Emmanuel De Bockk who talks about "Flemish" of the capital and demands the "resignation" of Brigitte.
"Not happy to spend the money from Brussels to the color of signalling poles at the colors of the Brussels region, Brigitte.
After his tax-mane-mane-black taxis, she finally portrayed himself in the dark blue blue, the poles of Brussels.
According to the deputy, there is now "no more difference of visually continuity between Flanders and Brussels".
Brussels laws deserve better than seeing their money wasted by a minister CD & V who itself realize the NVA programme.
It's high time to stop the Trojan horse from Flanders.
"For reminder, Brigitte Grouwels was elected only with 2 245 votes, which is 0.5% of Brussels laws!", concludes Mr. De Bock.
Pont-de-Buis portal dismantled
Pont-De-Buis's ecotax pork, around which a violent demonstration of opponents of this tax took place Saturday, was dismantled on Thursday morning.
The cracks arrived on the spot soon after 10 hours, and the movement on the national was hijacked in the aftermath.
The dismantling decision, announced by the Finistère prefecture Wednesday, was taken by the company EComouv, the pork manager.
This is the last of the three Ecotax portals in the state of work in the Finistère department, the other two having been dismantled or sabotaged.
of an accessories for Google Glass
A online shop, offering multiple accessories dedicated to Google Glass, has just been made available to thousands of developers with a prototype of connected glasses signed Google.
They can thus acquire a header, a charger or even a nuisance.
This shop, strictly reserved for developers already with Google Glass, offers some accessories like a charger and its USB cable, for $50.
For the same price, it is also possible to acquire a plant of protection made in micro-fibre or an intra-auric header.
Although Google is currently working on a model of Google Glass equipped with correction greenings, no date of marketing on a large scale has yet been confirmed.
Five years ago, my father erased the world of living.
At the beginning I denied his death, I was talking about him now,
I was so scared of forgetting it or rather I didn't know how I was going to continue to "attend".
There is no recipe, job mode to pass the wall of the invisible and find its own.
Then there are signs.
The first time was the very strong feeling of his presence on the passenger seat while I was driving.
Another time, a shower in the middle night to watch his show that doesn't leave me anymore, put on the night table.
It's the image of my smiling father who accompanies me in my actions everyday.
Our mother left after her exhausting fight against cancer.
That's at least what I thought of the day when I found his empty body, crashed on this hospital bed to the fringed flags.
Similarly, his funerals were an icical farewell focused around the shitty light of the chandels that were framing her cool.
I thought she was part.
Little by little, with small ballots or nocists, a little shitty, a little deleted, she quickly came back to my mind, moving as she took her place in the landscape of my thought that thought in mourning.
And then, it turned out to be just as revealing my own facets that I haven't yet seen, masked by my relationship with her.
So I learned and understood that I had not lost the person of my mother, but only a woman that I didn't really know, a woman who represented this person, during her stay in life.
In dying, this woman had perfect life and freed the person I like, and here I found her, full and full.
This journey of my life remains the most unexpected and the most beautiful.
It's a privilege to know that loved people don't leave us.
I look like my father, "inside as well as outside" he said.
I was always told.
I never believed it at the time.
I had difficult relations with him until he became old, sick.
Here, I was no longer afraid of him and I was able to love him.
One day he's dead.
For a long time, he accompanied me: when I stopped smoking, when I was scared, when I was badly...
He told me, constantly encouraged me, he lived my body.
I saw his hands while watching mine, I lend her my body.
But it was never indiscreet.
I could have a personal life.
It left me intimate.
It lasted a long time and one day he left.
Finally, it was comfortable and reassuring to be understood, encouraged, advised.
I don't know who said that the deceased people are not forgotten but invisible.
My parents are no longer but I constantly feel close to myself.
Every event, every moment of my life makes me feel their presence because I always refer to it: what would they have said? What would they have thought? What would they have?
I constantly dream of them, maybe not all nights but several times a week that's sure.
I often dream of the last moments I have to share with them before it's too late, only there is one thing that prevents me from doing this moment.
I'm often scared when it happens to me and I deeply feel their absence.
Sometimes, some dreams concern me on the contrary and form part of my story and indeed, they continue to live and share my life.
The day before I was supposed to know the sex of my baby, I dreamed that I woke up, I was lying out of the bed, my father was waiting for me and he remembered and was delighted that I was waiting for a little boy.
The next day, I had the feeling that he had visited me in my sleep to tell me he was happy to share what happened to me.
And of course, it was a little boy in my venue.
I liked to share this moment with him and I'm happy to talk about this common memory lived after his death.
Precisely five years ago, my grandmother died as a result of cancer.
A year before, she was on trip with my family in Cuba.
It's to say the shock that his disappearance caused the young baster I was at the time.
However, I did my mourning quite quickly.
But it continues to influence my life, especially in times when I find myself in trouble, or when I have to take important decisions.
Attacking the Arab and interested in the Middle East, to the point of making a master of it in a large school, have not been, with hindsight, harmless choices.
In fact, I heard it often speak Arabic in my childhood, and talk about Morocco, where she had lived for decades - before going back to France at the time of independence.
The values she accused me are still present, so I can think how she would like me to act at some point.
The same goes for my attitudes: I'm trying to live up to the generosity and the spirit of spirit of the one that was a religious fervent.
From now on, I feel like a daily presence, a good soul, a living spirit.
I see his eyes on me.
My mother died 19 years ago now.
Death after having spoken to me on the phone.
I went through all the stages: incomprehension, anger, pain, the beaches that are triggered on their own, anywhere, in unusual places, anywhere in unusual places.
Then, the time has calmed down.
It was only the lack, this empty empty without any response, that need for her, to give me, to reassure myself at the cry of her softness.
Yet she is there, silent presence, she is there and watch me.
All the morning, I see her anxious eyes to ask himself on me, I see the circle that increases her eyes, the rifles around the lips that the cigarettes are digging, the bars that marry the front days of concern.
My mother took on my face and she looks at me every morning in my mirror.
And all the morning, I dig my eyes.
My wife and the mother of my 3 children died from cancer at 43.
We constantly feel his protection, nothing serious can happen.
It was his promise on his beacon of pain, so we slowly learned to smile, and pronouncing his name is no longer taboo but a comfort.
Of course, I'm talking to him in the crux of the night when the absence is too bad, she invites herself in my dreams when the morale is a little reached.
We feel that we are being pushed and protected in difficult times, the decline of time makes us realize how much it was an orchestra leader and we are trying to stay in the path she had outlined.
If a person liked you very strong, the absence can't grind you with heart and memories.
In a way, being loved becomes your domestic energy.
I lost my father on 22 August 2008 after asbestos cancer.
I was very close to him, I always acted according to what he thought or what he liked.
I couldn't attend his inhumation and three weeks after his death, I was giving birth to a little boy.
If I have my convictions sometimes different, I still wonder if my actions are in line with his vision of things.
I also had problems in my work for these convictions.
For me, it's impossible to go in the opposite direction, I don't sleep and I still wonder what he will think about it.
I don't know if I adopted the way of being or if I'm just like him: is it genetic?
In any case, it will always be my reference.
It was a bit like an alter-ego, there was no need to talk between us.
In short, he's here everyday.
I feel his presence and that makes me happy.
It's almost thirty years since my husband died at the age of 33.
I had 28 years and our son 6 years old.
The immense pain that then invaded me has of course moderated but he's always close to me.
Very often he "landed" in my dreams in such a precise way, so alive, I'm even sadder to see that it was only a dream.
The other night, he asked me if I was going well, I told him no, he responded to me "I'm coming down" but with such a real voice that I woke up as a surprise, scared and I lit the shit lamp and watched everywhere, convinced that it was going to happen.
I still live in the same house, and often, I feel observed and I go back to see if he is not there, I know he's him and I'm talking to him.
In all the parts I feel his presence and that makes me happy.
For nothing, I wouldn't leave this house where we were happy and where its spirit lives with me.
I have 58 years, I have always lived alone since his departure, he's and will remain love for my life.
I want to make it clear that I am sociable with a responsible job, I'm fed up and I chair, I know, I'm grandmother, I have lots of friends, but my heart and soul belong to her and I'm never talking about her except my son, and I'm never going to the cemetery.
Iraq: October was the bloodiest month since 2008
October was in Iraq the most deadly month since April 2008.
Today, Baghdad published official figures: 964 people lost their lives last month: 855 civilians, 65 policemen and 44 soldiers.
This publication takes place on the day the Iraqi Prime Minister is received by the American president.
Noury al-Maliki wants help from the United States.
"We don't say to the world to be on our side and to support us, we have the right to ask the world because we're part of it", said al-Maliki this Thursday in Washington.
And also because if what is happening in Iraq is not settled, it will expand, and what is happening in Syria will also expand.
And what happens when a terrorism virus lives? It's repeated.
Noury al-Maliki was speaking at the United States Institute for Peace, an independent institution created by Congress.
Outside the building, demonstrators protested against the Iraqi leader.
They used panels, accusing him, among others, of being a murderer and calling on the United States to refuse to give him help.
Cocainic lawyer who informed a drug sponsor of a police investigation has been imprisoned.
Bitharat Ditta, 42 years old, gave information to the lord of the crime Neil Scarrough
The lawyer was afraid that his secret addiction to drugs was revealed to the great day
He was sentenced to a prison sentence of three years by the Liverpool Lial Court of Liverpool.
A big defence lawyer, who informed a drug sponsor of an important police investigation because he was afraid that his secret addiction to drugs was revealed, was sentenced to three years in prison.
Basharat Ditta, 42 years old, gave sensitive information to the lord of the crime. Neil Scarrough about surveys of his activities related to drug trafficking after having compromised because of his habit of consuming cocaine.
The lawyer, who was named "Bash" and considered by the criminals as a "major file", was arrested at his house in 2011 following police listening operations directed at Scarborough, he represented during a previous trial in connection with drug trafficking.
Police officials have repaired Sarborough, 32 years ago, by tabling three bags of cocaine in the home of the lawyer in Blackburn, in Lancashire, while he was attending a dinner from Barreau with colleagues.
Surveys revealed that Ditta was a "regular consumer" of this class drugs. After tests showed traces of cocaine in his hair, on his wallet and on credit cards.
During a period of eight months between January and August 2011, he sought illegal information about the arrest of two men for the Scarborough account as well as one of his associates.
The four suspects were watched at the time by the police in an important investigation into a heroin and cocaine trafficking in the counties of Lancashire, Cumbria, Merseyside, Berkshire and West Yorkshire.
With 32 other men, they were then imprisoned after the police took the heroin and cocaine for an amount of 1.5 M £, as well as more than £200 000 in cash during a series of raids.
Titta, 42 years old, provided information to the criminals because he was worried that his drug addict will be exposed to the day.
Today, at Liverpool's school in Liverpool, Titta, who works in the cabinet of Forbes. Forbes Solidarity located in Blackburn, fell in disthanks after being guilty on two charges of charges of obstacle to justice after a three-week trial.
He admitted the possession of cocaine during a previous hearing.
The fall of the lawyer came after the police, investigating Scarborough, discovered that he was regularly in phone contact with Ditta in February 2011.
Two investigators followed the suspect and returned to the home of Ditta and put drugs, pure to 60%, under the banner of the lawyer in a black golf gang.
Shortly after the deposit, Scarborough was regularly in phone contact with Ditta who was at a dinner at Ewoid Park's soccer, forum of the Blackburn club.
The lawyer went back home, discovered drugs and they got telephoned on new occasions.
The court heard that Ditta was a "regular consumer" of cocaine after tests showed traces of this class drugs. A in his hair, on his wallet and on his credit cards.
Titta was arrested later but niped cocaine. He said he talked about the alleged drug trafficking because he was his client and argued that their discussions were subject to a "legal privilege".
During his arrest, Ditta missed his wallet and tried to remove several credit cards, but they were all seated and he was taken off a sample of hair.
During an interrogation, he said he had an office at his house, as well as at his workplace and that it happened that clients call him at home for legal questions.
But the court heard testimonies that he called major actors in the drug trade, some of whom he had represented, after key arrests to tell them which investigators were aware.
The Public Prosecutor Anne Whyte said: "If someone has to know that you don't have to violate the law, it's a criminal lawyer."
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a penalist lawyer, and of having too much involvement with particular clients.
The relationship we are talking about is not just a drug trafficking, but a drug trafficking providing drugs to its own lawyer.
Some of his communications will certainly be legitimate communications because he was his lawyer.
But it went well beyond the ordinary limits of a relationship between a lawyer and his client.
He hindered the police investigation as much as he could allow him to continue his criminal activities.
Mr Ditta did not honour his profession, but he dishoned him.
He got too close to some clients, especially Scarborough, and he allowed his independence to be compromised.
Ditta has denied any illegal agitation and said: "If I was a corrupt lawyer, what I'm not, and if I wanted to provide information to Mr. Scarborough, I would not have waited 3 hours, I would have done it immediately."
But after the hearing, the superintenker Lee Hallead of the Lancet of the Lancashire said: "Mr. Ditta has gone from a criminal lawyer to criminal himself as soon as he has started to buy drugs with criminal organisations."
His addiction to cocaine has compromised him forever and made it vulnerable to the motives of the leaders of organized criminal groups who have asked him to obtain valuable information about police investigation.
Lawyers should observe the highest integrity rules and create a climate of trust with the public.
Mr Ditta betrayed this confidence and tried to shelter behind the verbies of his profession.
The serious and organized crime crime unit in Lancashire conducted the investigation on Mr Ditta, who was convicted of the three heads of charge of cocaine and now hinders justice, showing his commitment to prosecute criminals in court.
That this case serves as a warning to criminals to know that no one is above the law.
We will find you and you will translate to the courts.
Scarborough himself was imprisoned for 14 years after having pleaded guilty of complicity in heroin, cocaine and cannabis.
Thirty-five other people involved in the traffic were sentenced to a total of 153 years of prison for drug trafficking.
On his website, Ditta organized a session / answers on himself during which he said that his dream would be to be a lawyer to represent clients in the death row in America, his last guy at dinner would be Mohammed Ali and the inequality would motivate him to work.
Aretha Franklin will go back on scene in December
The newspaper Detroit News reports that the Queen of the soul will take place on 21 December at the Snd Board of the hotel MotorCity Casino.
Mrs Franklin deals in November with the recording of an album for Clive Davis and Sony Music, produced by Don Was and Kenny "Babyface" Edmonds.
Not to mention the disease they were suffering, the famous conspirator of Respect told the media on 16 October that the side effects of a treatment she received were "difficult".
She claims to be "happy to return".
Let's reduce the cost of its Christmas illuminations.
420 reasons, 2.2 km from the sea covered by a light mantle: one could close the shoot shot in Mendon with the bill for illuminations.
Facing that, unlike many municipalities, is also regulated by the taxpayers, and not by the business associations.
To ease its costs, the city resorts to leaps.
But also differentiated management of the network of public lighting and Christmas decorations.
Los Angeles Airport evacuated after a shooting.
A shootade took place at the international airport of Los Angeles.
It was 10: 00 in the morning when a man opened the fire.
According to the local police, there would be at least 2 injured.
It would be an employee working for the Administration for the Security of Transport of the United States (TSA) and the author of the fire.
The incident occurred at the terminal 3, causing a wave of panic.
The travelers and the staff went out to leave or on the tarmac.
Very quickly the police forces intervened and a man suspected of being the shooter was arrested on the roof of an airport parking.
The airport is being evacuated and air traffic is interrupted.
The classic song for teenagers
Every time, the school clientele will be targeted, an initiative that had a lot of success during the previous season.
By means of five saynettes imagined and interpreted by artists in the region, stickers with a high degree of humor, we allow teenagers to app the classic song.
Besides this show, the Kingdom's lyrical art society will come back with its lyrics, a formula that is now filled with the Pulperie of Chichemi.
Two other concerts will take place in the summer of 2014, which gives artists in the region the chance to show what they are capable of.
In these activities, the lyrical was added, the concert-profit held last August, with the competition of soccano colorature Marie-Eve Munger.
It was activity-benefit, alongside the artistic dimension, and it helped the non-profit organization to produce a financial balance sheet that is as sweet in the ears as a flash-mouse air.
Without giving any specific figures, the president of the management board, Yves Bergeron, took advantage of the press meeting held yesterday, in Chichetii, to be reassuring.
Despite the precariousness that is the lot of so many cultural institutions, the future is drawing up well, even in the long term.
We have more solid and constant apps.
"finances are afloat and we hope to last until the 50th anniversary of the comton, a step we will take in seven years", commented on the director.
"I would even go beyond", added the general director, Hélène Gaudreult, smiling.
The 37 year-old man who took a child hostage at the school Gabrielle Roy Surrey faces six charges, according to the Royal Gendarmerie of Canada.
Omar Mousta Hassan has been accused of hostage taking, kidnapped, made of threats, of arms in a dangerous design, kidnapping, and failing to conform to an order.
"Rapid reactions by the police involved and their ability to defuse the situation immediately have been essential to the security conclusion of this incident", said the Corporal Bert Pouquet by means of communication.
Omar Hassan is still in custody and will have to appear in court Friday.
New request for collective redress against the Sainte-Croix brothers
A new request for collective redress was lodged against the Sainte-Croix brothers, concerning sexual assaults that would have taken place this time at the orbit Saint-Joseph as well as in several orphanages, colleges and schools.
The request is based on the testimony of the shark, identified like "J. J.", who would have been masked in the 1950s, first at Nom Damee-des-Neiges by his professor the brother Sousted, then by his boss, the father, Bernard, at the oratory Saint-Joseph, where he was used for mass and where his father worked like painter.
The first resort was only three establishments, and when we announced the regulation, many people told us: "I was in this place, I can register myself?", tell the lawyer Alain Arsenult, who defends the victims in both cases.
The collective appeal that has just been tabled is for the special reason to allow the addition of complainants from any institution where abuse could have been perpetrated by members of the Sainte-Croix aggregation.
At present, the appeal brings together the complaints of 25 people who claim to have been assaulted by the Sainte-Croix brothers.
The alleged facts are usually older than those mentioned in the first resort, since several of the planned establishments closed their doors in the 1960s.
The appeal also stresses that the aggregation of Sainte-Croix and the oratory Saint-Joseph, which is a separate entity, "have allowed sexual abuse to be perpetrated against children", that they "have exercised a moral, religious and psychological constraint on the victims", that they "knew about the sexual abuse perpetrated and have nevertheless stifled them", and they've "consciously and consciously chosen to ignore the problem".
The last accusations are based among others on letters written by the lawyer Sainte-Croix, Me Émile Perrin, in the 90s, but also by the searches made in the archives on this subject by brother Wilson Kennedy, a former brother of Sainte-Croix who publicly denounced the abuse.
The collective appeal must first pass the stage of admissibility in the superior court.
Once the Court admits admissibility, we take the second step, or the hearings on the merits.
In the case of the first resort, the congregation of Sainte-Croix had agreed to settle amicably before hearings are conducted in the background.
Imposing fire in a trade
A fire has seriously damaged a trade in the LSalle districts, in Montreal, in Thursday's night at Friday.
Relief was called to 1h, Friday, because of a fire that had declared the subsoil of an Indian cooking restaurant on the avenue Dolard, near the intersection with the Ranje street.
The 30 firemen who were dispatched in the places took almost an hour to control the brasier.
The fire "caused significant damage to the construction structure", indicated the head of the operations of the Montreal fire security service, Richard Bordeaux.
The cause of the fire was unknown, but there was no one in the restaurant when the firemen arrived on the scene.
There were no injuries, but almost twenty homes, located in the first and second floor of this row of commercial premises, had to be evacuated.
The Red Cross was requested because the residents of one apartments could have to be temporarily temporarily, indicated the IM.
Many opposition to medical assistance to die in the Congress of palliative care.
The Canadian palliative food congress, which is taking place this week in Ottawa, comes a few days after the vote in favor of the principle of the bill on medical assistance to die in Quebec.
This is the occasion for several palliative care associations to reassert their disagreement.
If all the sick had access to effective care to calm their suffering, besides being able to stay at home, very few of them would like to put an end to their days, according to a spokesman of the Canadian Association of palliative care, Maryse Betette.
If we were to focus on palliative care in Canada, the approach of euthanasia would become minimal.
The president of the Quebec Qualifications Network also rejects the bill on medical assistance to die.
If it is adopted, Alberte Déry worries about the consequences for the next generations.
"What is the meaning of life", regrets.
The majority of palliative care houses will refuse to help patients die, according to the president of the palliative care houses, Suzanne Fitzback.
Mrs Fitzback, also director of the house Matthie-Savorse in Gatwater, thinks that the service would be useless anyway.
We never ask: "I want to die, give me an injection".
The director of the palliative care of the Ontario, Rick Firth, believes that the Quebec bill disorifies the population about the vocation of palliative care.
He doesn't think the Ontario will follow suit.
For his part, the liberal deputy of Gatineau, Stéphania Vallés, says that the notion of the end of life must be clarified before the bill is adopted.
The Kenyan press is indignant about the controversial media law
"It's a frightening country and it is legitimate to ask the following question: what will prevent Parliament from wiping out the independence of the judicial system tomorrow?", said the newspaper by challenging the bill and asking for it to be declared unconstitutional.
"This law is draconian and very punitive, and we refuse it", explained Cyrus Kamau, director of Capittal Group.
He said that the new media court "will always be biased because it's an extension of the government" and the restrictions on content and publicity would harm Kenya's place in the global economy.
"I hope the president will listen to us, and we ask him to reject this bill and send him back to the parliamentarians", he added.
According to the newspaper The Star, the new bill will allow the government to have "media literacy". The Standard said that democracy and freedom of opinion in Kenya "had suffered a hard blow" and rocked the bill as "draconian".
Adoption of the bill comes at the same time as a package of measures aimed at strengthening national security in the wake of the attack by armed Islamists in the Westgate shopping center last September.
The Kenyan media stirred up the anger of the authorities by distributing pictures of video camera camera on which the troops deployed on the stage of the attack supposedly evicted the luxury commercial center.
The police chief, David Kimaiyo, reacted by summoning two journalists and a media officer to ask them, even though the calling was withdrawn following a release of balls in the media.
Under the new bill, the media can be punishable by fines of up to 20 million Kenyan shillings and journalists up to 1 million with the additional risk of being "radiated" or of no longer being able to receive accreditation.
The court also has the power to seize the property of a offender if he hasn't paid his fine.
According to the Daily Nation, "even one penalty is enough to paralyse most FM stations".
He also says that the measures could have a devastating effect on what he described as Kenya's "animated blogosphere".
By reducing the media silence, politicians know that they can do what they want with impunity.
"Nobody will ever know", wrote Mutuma Matthiu, journalist at The Nation, describing the Kenyan media as a key source of control in public life.
"Livé for themselves, politicians would put the country bankrupt and bring us back to hunt and cool".
Kenyan legislators have been the target of the anger of the population in the past.
In May, they took a stand against the cuts ordered by the National Commission in charge of salaries and reinstated their mighty salaries of about 532 000 shillings per month exempt from tax - which are among the highest in the world.
A difficult year for pharmacists
The departure of almost 10 pharmacists at the Center of Health and Social Services (CSS) from Laval caused a whole eh to the head of the city of Cite-de-la-Health, and this one, in the year 2012-2013.
Because of multiple retirees, maternity leave or departure leave all short, the pharmacy department has found itself highly deficient in staff.
There was almost 30% of the necessary workforce, making this financial year "very difficult" according to the department of the department, Gillian Beaudet.
However, the CSS decided not to hire independent labor, which could cost up to three times more expensive than a full-time pharmacist.
We did not use the breakdown, explained Mrs Beaudet.
We rationalized or reduced some of our activities inside the establishment to pour them, the time when things happen.
It's sure that we worked hard to interest our young people [residents in pharmacy] for them to come and stay here.
There is a competition of circumstances that made you in a bad situation last year.
improvement
After this arduous period, the year 2013-2014 announces much easier for the CSS pharmacy department.
Already, three pharmacists are back to work after their maternity leave and three other pharmacists have been hired in recent months.
In addition, the efforts of the department to remember have borne fruit, because the four students currently in residence in Laval also decided to stay at the job of the CSS.
Now, it's going much better, stressed the pharmacy.
By the end of the financial year, we will have seven new pharmacists and three maternity feedback.
This will make up for our departure from last year.
Less ever growing
The situation remains awesome, however.
Several factors, such as the shortage of pharmacists in hospital or a predominance of young women in the profession, make situations such as the one experienced in 2012 difficult to forecast.
For us [the number of staff] is still precarious, because we have a young background and we use a lot of young women, so with pregnancies, we almost always work with three maternity leave when it's fine, she added.
The last year, we had a lot more and we don't have pharmacists who are available to make replacements, so it was more difficult.
The 2nd mol of 22 years does not start his career in the cinema by the little door.
The director Lars von Trier chose him to embody Charlotte Gainsbourg young in Nypehomanac, his next movie.
This porn drama is frenching, in eight chapters that will come out in two parts (the 1st and 8 January 2014), the erotic memories of a quadragenaire.
Study Martin's resemblance with his elder is striking: a brush silence, a diapitane teeth and French origins.
Not to mention a certain taste of the risk: the one who didn't hesitate to put on ice paper is going to be displayed in much more lucrative situations on big screen.
An extract from Nypehomanac has raised the temperature on the Tole: Stury Martin is appearing in bed and in full exam with Shia LaBeouf.
If the provocative filter asked his actors to put their dams on the placard, he resorted to X professionals for the highest sex scenes, before merging all the bodies numerically: above the belt, it's the star; below, the shower.
From Björk to Charlotte Gainsbourg, passing by Nicole Kidman, Lars von Trier is used to pushing his accomplices in their latest setbacks, always for the best.
Study Martin has not finished talking about her.
A Narbon CGR room evacuated on Thursday night.
On Thursday night, the first session of a movie was suspended at Nargood CGR in Nargood, as a precautionary measure, following pedestrians at the throat felt by spectators.
Immediately, the director of the establishment made the evacuation of the room and warned the firemen for a suspect smell.
About 70 people are out of the session.
People have been examined and full recognition of the room has not given anything.
Sorry joke about tearmogen jet?
Or involuntary incidents?
Still, the cinema management has played the precautionary principle and the safety of its clients basically.
The room was filled and everything went into order.
The cinema has been able to resume its rights and clients can find the pleasure of the pictures.
On screen alone.
She tries to import 2 kg of cocaine in citrols
Coming from the Hallaween day, a woman tried to bring two kos of cocaine into the country hidden in citches, Thursday morning, at the Montreal-Trudeau Airport.
It was when looking at the baggage of the pass that drugs could be detected.
Cocaine had been distributed in three cousrols having previously been emptied.
The drugs were then transported to the office of the Royal Gendarmerie of Canada (GRC) which took the baton in this investigation.
The Canada border agency of Canada (ASFC) did not reveal where the woman arrived when she was intercepted.
It is part of the investigation, indicated Jacqueline Roby, spokesman of the ASFC.
What I can tell you is that she came to the country.
Since the beginning of 2013, the border agents at the Montreal-Trudeau Airport have carried out 173 seizures of drugs, including 10 seizures of cocaine for a total of 44 kilograms.
In 2012, agents of border services in the Quebec region made a total of 1653 seizures of drugs.
Air travel against military installations in Syria
According to the Lebanon army, Israeli planes went into Lebanon's air space Wednesday at the beginning of afternoon, but the strikes took place in the evening.
A short-term S-air missile collection of SA-8 would have been targeted and destroyed.
This new aviation raid in the Syrian territory (the sixth since the beginning of the year, according to the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz) has been confirmed neither by Israel nor by Syria.
The raid took place in circumstances that were almost identical to the one that took place on 5 July: at the time, it was also an anonymous American official who confirmed to CNN an Israeli attack, aimed at this time at sol-sea missiles Yakhhave, delivered by Russia in Damascus.
Israeli officials didn't hide their irritation to see Washington reveal the attack, at the risk of forcing President Assad to react.
Ukraine approaches bankruptcy
The credit rating agency Standard & Poora lowered the credit rating of Ukraine on Friday, questioning the ability of the former Soviet republic, in recession for more than a year, to face up to its financial obligations.
The rating of the country's public debt is going to "B-", sinking into the category of speculative investments.
It is accompanied by a negative perspective, S & P seeing at least one chance on three that it is again down in a year.
"It's less and less likely that the government's strategy will allow enough foreign currency to meet its high external financing needs" explains the American agency.
The agency notes that Ukraine's exchange reserves fell by 26% between September 2012 and September 2013 and that the trend will continue.
This makes the reimbursement of credits abroad more difficult.
These reservations, to which the authorities resort massively to support the local currency, the hryvia, collapsing, the agency finds it more and more likely to be devalued, thereby inflating its external debt.
Kiev also needs cash to settle its gas imports to Russia, which accuses him of not paying a bill of 882 million dollars.
This announcement is bad news for the power of Ukrainian people in a period of heated tensions with its Russian neighbor, furious about Kiev's desire to sign an association agreement with the EU at the end of November.
She was made public in the wake of the publication of official statistics showing that the country's economy had experienced its fifth quarter of a series of contraction between July and September.
His indebtedness, which is still relatively modest, has exploded in recent years and S & P estimate it at 33.5% of GDP, compared to less than 10% before the crisis of 2008-2009.
The country, in budget deficit, has for months been demanding the assistance of the International Monetary Fund, which granted him a loan of 15.3 billion dollars in 2010 and for the moment only released 3.4 billion.
But the fund refuses to pay any new slice as long as the country has not adopted unpopular reforms to reduce its deficit, especially by increasing gas prices to the population.
At the end of a new unsuccessful mission in the country, the IMF saw this week that "significant external financing needs" were "a vulnerability", while raising "the signs of economic improvement".
However, for the economist Oleksandr Joloud, from the Centre for Political Studies, "we can't wait for a short-term improvement".
"There's little hope that unpopular reforms are launched in a pre-election year", the presidential elections being planned in 2015, is the expert, interviewed at the AFP.
The only hope is an improvement in the international situation.
S & P is also the "uncertainty" linked to the possible signature of an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU, that Brussels depends on the release of the opposition Youlia Tymoshenko.
"Signing the agreement would be positive for long-term trade but there could be negative consequences in the short and medium terms related to the reaction of Russia", explained S & P, which fears "trade restrictions" from Moscow's part.
Russia, which represents the quarter of Ukrainian exports, warned that in case of creating a free trade area between the EU and Kiev, it should strengthen its border controls for imported goods.
United States' Green Paper to the Publicis-Omnicom fusion
Publics and Omnicom said Friday did not have any objections from the American authorities to their fusion, moving closer to the creation of the first global publicity agency.
The fusion brings into effect the second global agency, Omniccom, and the third, Public.
"Omniccom Group and Publicis Group have announced today the expiration of the period of examination of the merger earlier announced by Publicis Group and Omniccom, planned by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Anti-Province Act of 1976, as amended", announces the two groups in a communication.
They specify that they also received the necessary authorisations in Canada, India and Turkey, after South Africa and South Korea.
The expiration of the examination period planned by the HSR in the United States and the authorization decisions issued in the other courts satisfy several conditions necessary for the operation of the operation.
"fusion is also dependent on the acquisition of other regulatory authorisations and the approval of the shareholders of both groups".
The Congolese army hunting the rebels of M23
The Congolese army (FARDC) announced on Thursday that its units were going to chase the rebels from M23 to their bases in the forests and mountains of North Kivu near Rwanda and Uganda.
The M23 appears on the point of being beaten after being hunted out from localities from the north-east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) that he controlled from the beginning, 20 months ago, of the insurrection.
"We're going to continue the M23 and upload it wherever it's hidden because these are criminals", said to Reuters the Colonel Olivier Hamuli, spokesman of the FARDC.
We shouldn't let them reorganize themselves because they've been marching the Congolese people for too long.
The time has come to bring peace back.
Those responsible for M23 explained having evacuated the localities under diplomatic pressure and Bertrand Bissimwa, the political leader of the rebellion, said on RFI that these military setbacks would in no way alter his claims to the peace talks.
According to Ugandan mediators, the latter took on Wednesday in Kamala between the government of Kinshasa and M23.
Chooks are reported in the hills that dominate Bunagana, the last locality in the hands of the insurgents to be dropped this week, as well as at the vicinity of Runyoni, a hill where the rebellion of the M23 saw the day in 2012.
At their peak in November, the insurgents occupied Goma, masterpiece of the Nord Kivu province, profiting from the flight of the government garrison and the passivity of the blue helmets of Monusco.
The fall of Goma brought the United Nations Mission to the DRC, the world's most important in terms of manpower, to strengthen its mandate and to form a rapid intervention brigade composed of South African soldiers, malaise and Tanzanian soldiers.
For its part, the headquarters of the FARDC has been reworked and the army has gone on the offensive against M23, changing the course of war.
The pace of progress of government troops is now unprecedented.
"The M23 seems to be touching at its end", predicted an Congolese business expert, Jose Stearns, on his blog Congo Siasa.
It would be historic - it would be the first time that the government of Kinshasa managed to fight a major insurrection.
And it would also be the first time since 1996 that no armed group allied in Rwanda would be present in the east of the DRC.
United Nations experts blame Rwanda, which denies it fiercely, to support militarily the M23, formed at the beginning of former Congolese soldiers mutilation.
British diplomacy, William Joke, invited the President of Rwanda Paul Kagame to show restraint, announced a spokesman of the Foreign Office.
Last week, Kigigi mentioned the possibility of military retribution following the shells fallen in Rwanda.
On Wednesday, the inhabitants of Bunagana invaded the streets of the bourgade to welcome the entry of the FARDC soldiers.
"We lived a year with M23 and we seemed unimaginable to be one day liberated by the army" testifies to an inhabitant of this city's neighbors.
"We lived in terrorism (of M23), we are traumatized", added this man.
The tests carried out by the Paster Institute on a patient suspected of being infected by the coronavirus turned out to be negative, announced the Ministry of Health.
It specifies that "the two cases identified in May 2013 therefore remain the only two cases confirmed in France so far".
Tuesday, this 44-year old patient was suspected of being reached, after having returned from Saudi Arabia, a country where the disease has already claimed 50 million deaths.
Chevron, the second American oil company, reported on Friday a decrease in its quarterly benefit because of the decrease in its refining margins, while its production of oil and gas has increased while remaining behind the group's objectives.
His net benefit in the third quarter has reduced to $4.95 billion, or $2.57 per action, compared to $5.25 billion, or $2.69 per action, one year before.
The analysts asked by Reuters averaged on average on a profit per action by $2.71.
The group produced 2.59 million barrels of oil equivalent per day during the quarter, rising compared to 2.2 million PM products produced a year ago.
The company aims for 2.65 million PM for this year, with a 25% growth in the expected production by 2017.
Most of the growth in the coming years will come from its liquefied natural gas projects in Australia.
Because of the cost of these projects, annual investment spending has increased by seven billion dollars in two years and should reach $36.7 billion in 2013.
The benefits of production activities have reduced slightly in the third quarter, while the profits of downstream activities (including food refining and chemical production) have fallen by 45% to $380 million.
This decrease in refining margins affects the whole sector.
As a result, Chevron's main competitor, Exxon Mobil reported on Thursday of a net benefit, in spite of the increase in his gas and oil production.
Fair of ecoliner: the complaint deemed admissible
The School Commission of the region of the College of Sherbrooke (CSRS) has been demanding from the beginning of the school year the costs of $150 per student (up to a maximum of $300 per family) for students benefiting from school transport to two homes, a service that the organization offers when it is able to do it.
Before the changes to the last budget, no financial contribution was requested.
"There's a mediation service proposed by the committee and I was interested", explains Mrs Lefin.
According to her, the CSRS was invited to a mediocre and she asked for another time to think about it.
"It's always better to talk about it, talk and find solutions", says Mrs Lefin.
The school commission of the region of the College of Sherbrooke (CSRS) did not want to comment.
The organization only meant that mediating is part of the process during a complaint.
Imbrobrolio about the closure of the emergencies of the Hôel-God
Faced with the headlong run by a portion of the staff and several unions, including the CGT, the Minister of Health, Marisl Touraine, decided on 10 July to "shift the timetable for the implementation of the project, and in particular the date of closure of emergencies that can't take place on 4 November".
officially done request "to do not run any risk of taking care of emergencies in Paris at the beginning of the winter" but also aimed at not annoying the PS campaign to a few months from the municipals.
Despite the ministerial instructions, the closure should still be effective on that date.
Even if, at the APHP, we prefer to use the term "transformation" or "change in continuity".
From 4 November, the fire firemen who carried out about a quarter of 40 000 annual passages in the emergencies of the Hôel-God <unk> will all have received a sign to take the 30 serious cases a day to the emergencies of other hospitals Paris.
This date of 4 November also corresponds to the renewal of the internails.
At Hoelel-God, the specialized inner cities will leave on Monday to five internal medicine in general.
As for the transfer of beds of internal medicine, it is planned for the current month.
"The Hôtel-God emergency service must close in the shortest time period, and for us, it's 4 November", asshole, right away, Locic Cafternoon, the president of the Committee of Inquiry's Medical Committee (EME), which supports the management project.
"On 4 November, there will be no more patients brought by firemen, only people coming from their own means", confirms Professor Jean-Yves Fagon, the medical officer of the new Hospé-God.
"But we'll continue to welcome patients as a matter of urgency", tempts him to assert the permanent presence of the SMUR vehicles on the spot to transfer serious cases.
senior emergency doctors will stay on the spot, he also ensures.
But it's up to ARS to decide the closure of the emergency service for emergencies.
"Things are progressively done", responds Nicolas Péju, spokesperson for the ARS for whom, on 4 November, "there will be no change in terms of service rendered."
"The minister lied us or he lied him", deplores the emergency doctor of the doctor.
Demonstrating of his position as leader of the SMUR in early July for leading the front against the reorganisation project, he defines himself as an "alert alert" against a "cynical" decision taken by "the media-administrative technostructure."
"They are voucher and asphyxiating emergencies that were renovated less than five years ago", he considers.
For him, "if the other emergency services Parisian could absorb the surplus, there would be no problem".
But they are regularly locked up.
For example there are sometimes nine hours of waiting for the emergencies of Laribooère.
At the ARS, we claim that 30 "dispatched" patients on several sites can't represent an "avalanche" in other emergency services, the human resources of which have also been strengthened.
At the ARS as well as the APHP, we defend the "new hospital model" already launched since 7 October and which should continue to welcome 30 000 to 35 000 patients per year.
By the end of the year, the general liberal doctors should also come and participate in the creation of a "permanent healthcare".
"Where are you going to do if people ask people to diagnose themselves", ask themselves Gérard Kierzek for whom "the emergency concept not serious" is "dangerous" and marks a "medical regression".
This will happen as for level 3 maternity hospitals.
People are not crazy, they'll go where there is the best offer of care.
If the minister doesn't take any measure by Monday, we're going to change the brake, warn Christophe Prudman, doctor doctor and member of the CGT Health.
We'll be even more present in the municipal campaign and we will think about submitting a list.
In the Nathaliko-Morizet team, Vincent Roger, UMP councillor of Paris and elected of the 4th districts, clearly announces that "even if the UMP Parisian was in favor of maintaining emergencies at the Hôel-God, it would be technically and financially impossible to reopen them if you come back to responsibility".
Anne Hidalgo, the PS candidate, has again reminded France on Monday morning that she had pronounced himself in favor of a moratorium so that there is no closure on 4 November.
If it was the case, it would mark its net disagreement, stresses Bruno Julliard, its spokesman.
Even if the restructuring of the Hospé-God has its legitimacy in the background, we can't admit it without an acceptable pattern of postponement to other hospitals.
Obama puts an end to the listened to the IMF and the World Bank
Barack Obama ordered the National Security Agency (NSA) to put an end to the listened to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in its intelligence activities, indicate an American official, Thursday.
This decision is part of the attempt of the White House to take up your hand in the affair of the NSA listen after the revelations made by the former analyst Edward Snowden, refugee in Russia.
This is the first time that the supervision of the IMF and the World Bank has been mentioned by the intelligence agency since the beginning of the scandal.
Interroted on the subject, a manager of the US administration replied: "The United States does not carry out electronic monitoring aimed at the seats of the World Bank and the IMF in Washington".
Speaking under the anonymity, this official didn't specify if such monitoring had been put in place in the past.
Another official said that Barack Obama had given an order to stop these practices in the past weeks.
This investigation was given almost at the same time as the one ending the tapping of the UN's headquarters in New York.
In this context, the Senlaterorial Commission approved a strengthening of controls on government surveillance programs on Thursday but allowed them to continue.
The commission introduced new restrictions on data that the intelligence agencies are allowed to collect and imposed a limit of five years for the conservation of this information.
The UN welcomes the new objectives for fighting poverty
The United Nations will now set to work on a new set of objectives to replace the Millennium Development Goals (MDG), which had been put in place 12 years ago to fight against poverty in the world.
Australian diplomats have played a key role in putting forward the "sustainable development goals" to replace the MDG, which will expire in 2015, before the United Nations Summit on sustainable development that started the day before Rio de Janeiro.
They were in the final preliminary draft of the document, which will be adopted by world leaders, including Mrs Gillard, during the summit.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said on the eve of the summit that it was now time to "go beyond national interests".
"I am happy that the Member States have agreed to launch and take ownership of the process to set universal sustainable development goals (ODD), he added.
These ODD will rely on progress made within the framework of the Millennium Development Goals and will be an integral part of the post-2015 development framework.
I will do the best to fulfil the mandate entrusted to me by the Member States to realize our vision of the objectives of sustainable development that rely on the success of the MDG.
The security concern in Mozambique is growing at the same time as conflicts break between powerful personalities
In the feet of the statue of Samoua Machel, the founder president of the Mozambique, making them fit them, thousands of people gathered in the center of Maputo to shake peaceful slogans during a rare public demonstration.
"We want peace to come back; we want stability", said Vanessa from Sousa, the general director of an investment society.
Inquiste for the future of his country, she exchanged her work clothes against a te-shirt with the mention "we want security" in Portuguese before joining the amassed crowd in the place of Independence of the capital Thursday.
For two weeks, there have been almost every day reports of conflicts between government forces and the Reno, the worst consignments since the peace agreement signed more than 20 years ago.
The Reno was once a famous rebellious movement, supported initially by Rhodesia governed by whites then the apartheid government of South Africa as part of efforts to destabilize the country's independent government.
After a peace agreement signed in 1992, she became an opposition party.
Analysts think that the country should not fall into an open conflict, but recent events have shaken foreign investors and the local population.
The stakes are considerable for the growing economy since the discovery of huge reserves of offshore gas and coal deposits in the north west could attract more than 50 Mod of investments in the next few years from companies like Rio Tinto, Vale of Brazil, Italy, Italy and Anadarko of the United States.
The Felimo, the governing party and the main political force since 1975, and the Reno reject each other's responsibility for tensions.
The Reno states that the government is behind recent clashes and that it launched an attack against its members in the province of Sofaa, a traditional stronghold of the Reno, on 17 October.
The assaults on the former rebels then degenerate when the government forces attacked the bases of the Reno and tried to kill Aonso Dhlakama, the leader of the group, and Fernando Mazanga, the spokesman of the Reno, according to the Financial Times.
The government makes it responsible for triggered conflicts, and blames it to attack soldiers.
President Armando Guebuza has sought to minimize concerns about instability.
Mr Guebuza said on Wednesday to the AFP, the French press agency, that Mr. Dhlakama considered himself as a "loser" who wanted to use "all the forces he left to try to prove that he could impose his decisions in government".
The Filimo and the Reno insist that they both want to avoid war.
But the concern was growing after Mr. Mazanga said that the Reno gave up the 1992 peace agreement.
He said to the FT that he wanted to say that the agreement was no longer respected by the Felimo.
"We want to resume the negotiations, but with the greatest seriousness", said Mr. Mazanga.
previous discussions between the parties have not managed to calm the tensions fuelled by a series of conflicts this year.
"These are two big men (Guebuza and Dhlakama) who don't stop arguing", explained Joseph Hanlon, a confconfment of the Open and specialist university in Mozambique.
None of them knows well negotiate and none of them is ready to make the necessary concessions.
The Reno, which is in favor of electoral reforms, had already said that it would boycott the municipal elections due to take place in November.
The presidential and legislative elections are planned next year.
Some commentators interpreted his use of force as the attempt of a sick movement to get concessions and a treasure of war by the government.
The portion of the votes collected by the RReno has constantly fallen since 1992, while a new party, the Democratic Movement of the Mozambique (MDM) that was created by a former Reno member, should get more votes in the elections.
Mr. Mazanga said that Mr. Guebuza - who should take off at the end of his second term next year - wanted to destroy democracy in the country.
"He doesn't want a multi-party democracy, he doesn't want transparent elections, he doesn't want peace because he doesn't want to leave the presidency" said Mr. Mazanga.
We don't know exactly what the Reno's capacity is, but it has led to clear, disruptive attacks on police stations and vehicles on a major north-south motorway axis.
Most of the classroom took place in the province of Sofaa, which is located several hundreds of miles north of Maputo, but where is Beira, the port where mining companies, especially Rio Tinto and Vale, export coal.
In June, Rio was no longer able to use the railway for about a week after the Reno threatened to attack the railway line.
Mr. Mazanga was badly shitty when asked if the Reno would recreate this threat.
The Reno wanted to "warn the international community that things are not going well in Mozambique," said Mr. Mazanga.
instability has reinforced the frustrations raised by the government, says Fernando Lima, the director of Mediacoop, an independent media society, many people are also worried about corruption, the slowness of development and the recent wave of kidnappings.
"People think that the leaders of the country's future are the government and the president, and that it's up to him to find solutions to the problems", he explained.
Omar Sultuane, a demonstration, said that people only want stability.
"Nobody cares about the Reno nor the Felimo, they just want to find peace, they want to have free access to the roads", he added.
The myths and legends to children should be taught as "lifestyle models", says the author.
Thor's Légéde could show that "the brutal force doesn't give weight to subtle ruins", while Arthuran legends reveal the importance of having a dream.
Knowing that many myths would be "far too violent, far too scandalous and in some cases, far too obscure to be taught at school", Crosley-Holand recommended a "careful selection" of works adapted to age.
"I think it's great that in America, myths and folklore are already part of education", he said.
I've been advocating this project for 20 years.
He added that the fact that authors and teachers are "openly didactic" makes the children "completely unload", the messages being "sublied" in pleasant stories.
Crosley-Holand, who translated Beowulf from the Anglo-Saxon and wrote The Penguin Book of Nors Myths and British Folk Tales, said: "You may have good intentions, but you prefer to keep them out of sight."
Maybe the big difference between an adult author writing for adults and an adult author writing for children is the need to offer hope.
Not that everything has to be simplified or end well, but there is an unborn meaning of good and bad.
And it must be sublied; revealed through a story rather than declared.
The known basis of what we show and that we don't say.
A fighter of the armed arm of Hamas was killed tonight and another wounded by a shooting of Israeli cats in the Gaza strip, have learned from medical and security sources in Gaza.
According to these sources, these activists were leading a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian territory and Israel when they sued a shit of shit from an Israeli Israeli.
Shit of the NSA: the United States is "went too far", admits Kerry
The United States has sometimes gone "too far" when it comes to spying, recognised Secretary of State John Kerry, in this first Washington confession in controversy with Europe on the massive collection of data by the National Security Agency (NSA).
After ten days of scandal, revelations and denials between the United States and their European allies, this is the first time a US government official explicitly admits controversial practices in the NSA interception of communications and data in Europe.
"In some cases, I admit you, as the president did, some of these actions went too far and we'll make sure that it doesn't happen in the future", said John Kerry at a conference in London that he participated in since Washington on Thursday, 31 October with video connection.
In his rebellious speech, in the presence of his British counterpart William Joke, the head of American diplomacy was very justified in justifying intelligence and information collection practices by the necessary counter-terrorism and prevention against possible attacks.
Invoking the attacks of 11 September 2001, the Madrid attacks in March 2004 and London in July 2005, John Kerry assured that the American authorities had since thwarted many terrorist projects thanks to communications interception and information collection.
"We have made it impossible for aircraft to fall, for buildings to explode and for people to be killed, because we were able to be aware of these projects in advance", argued the boss of American diplomacy.
And, said John Kerry to the Europeans, "I assure you that in this process innocent people have not been mistaken".
But we are trying to gather information.
"And yes, in some cases, it went too far in an inappropriate way", still admitted the Secretary of State, who had already had to express himself on this international scandal during a tour last week in Paris, London and Rome.
He assured me on Thursday night that President Obama was "solved to try and clarify and to review these practices so that nobody feels wrong".
But the controversy between Americans and Europeans has continued to inflate this week with new revelations in the press.
According to the Washington Post, the NSA intercepted data from hundreds of millions of users of Google and Yahoo.
The newspaper, which mentions documents obtained from the former consultant of the NSA Edward Snowden, says that the programme called "MUSCULUR", and led with the British counterpart of the NSA, the GCHQ, allows these two agencies to recover data from the optic fiber used by internet giants.
According to one of the documents, some 181 million elements were collected during the last month of January - ranging from metadata on e-mails, elements of text or audio or video documents.
These interceptions would take place outside the United States.
But Yahoo and Google have denied any link to these practices.
For 10 days, several major newspapers in France, Germany, Spain, or Italy have revealed that the NSA would have intercepted massively from data and communications from allies of the United States and their leaders, especially German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Faced with the anger of European states and while leaks in the American press claimed that the American president was not aware of such listen, Barack Obama refused to express himself on this subject, invoking national security.
On the other hand, the boss of the powerful NSA, General Keith Alexander, has denied him that his intelligence agency has captured tens of millions of communications from European citizens.
He even sent the ball to the European intelligence services who would have taken on these communications, before providing them with the NSA.
This would concern "military operations" in countries where NATO allies collaborate with the United States and it would not be aimed at Europe at all, affirmed General Alexander.
And the controversy spread on Friday to Asia.
Indonesia summoned the ambassador of Australia, whose mission is accused of being used by the Americans as part of a vast international espionage network that has also sparked off China.
Paris Saint-Gert will receive Lorient on Friday without his master asset, the Swedish, Zlaan Ibrahimovic, who is injured, announces the club of League 1 in a communication.
PSG, the leader of the champion in front of Monaco unlike goals, has spread the list of players selected for this match of the 12th day, without it being the attacker of 32 years.
The communication simply states that it's "wounded" without specifying the nature of the wound.
However, he was suffering from an inflamation of the left wing when he came back to selection, at the beginning of the month.
A ceremony in memory of the dead
Father Lachaise's crematorium organizes, at 11: 00, a secular ceremony, in memory of all the dead created in his establishment, during the year.
Anne Hidalgo, Socialist candidate in the Paris city city must attend, and then explain, during a press conference, her proposals on funeral.
To follow the ceremony, click above.
For their own obsession, more and more French people choose the creation, rather than the inhumation: 53%, according to an Ipsos study carried out on 6 and 7 September with 1009 people, instead of 47%.
For the friends of the near, it's the opposite: the French prefer humation (53% against 47%).
If they have the misfortune to lose a child, they are only 15% to choose the creation.
In his book La Mort in ash, Damn Le Guay, a philosopher and deputy of the National Committee of Ethnic Ethics, insists on the "violence" that is the creation, for the survivors.
There is, with the creation, "a violence against the loved body", which will be "reduced to a lot of ash" in a very short time, and not after a process of decreation, which "would" accompany the stages of the mourning ".
There is also "a symbolic violence", which is related to "erased the speciality and the distinctive signs" reduced to "anonymity" of the ash.
Why is what is accepted without pain in certain Nordic countries and Protestants, is it still a bad experience in France?
"Because the creation is a new fact", responds Marie-Frérique Backé, Chairperson of the Society of Thanatology and the author of the book.
It has been tolerated only since 1963 by the Catholic Church, which has limited the attempts to apportion it.
To call for the creation is for François Michael Nérard, director of the funeral services of the City of Paris, to plan for the demunt a ceremony as worthy as the one he would be entitled to with an inhumation.
The Ipsos annual investigation shows a very strong attachment to the organisation of the ceremony.
77% of French people want one, for their loved ones, be they religious (53%), or civil (24%).
From now on, 73% of people who choose a creator want to organize a ceremony.
66% of atheists or non-believers want it too.
The crematoriums adapted to this evolution of society.
"For a dozen years, they're trying to avoid families the violence of a wait, without doing anything, for an hour and a half, immediately followed by the release of the ash", observes Mr. Michael Nérard.
70% of establishments now offer ceremonial masters, who carry out, in the presence of the body, the following rituel: to host the assembly, to name the dead, to link it to the others, to talk about it, give meaning to its death, organize the farewell.
This is the case with the crematorium of the Lère Lachaise, since 1998.
The ceremony masters are often people who have reconverted.
There are also former Catholic priests.
It's in this context that the creatorum of the Lère Lachaise organize, since 2010, the day of La Toussaint, several ceremonies of memory, secular and non-religious, to which he invites the families of the people who were created in the year.
For the second year running, one of these ceremonies is passed on to the attention of those who could not travel.
The crematorium allowed us to relax it.
In La Seyne, the downfall because of rats comes to the controversy
At the beginning of the week, a family left its apartment at the top of the Frudor D2 building, because of the presence of rats.
Faced with the urgency of the situation, the director of the South Wars Office. Habitat, proposed in an exceptional and temporary way to relax the couple and his three children in a T4 new.
Yet the family refuses "for financial reasons" and the situation is blocked.
The affair has taken on exaggerated proportions, says Joel Canapa, the director of the office.
There have always been rats, there are always in the cities.
The corporation company makes two passages per year, and in addition, we are interacting with every demand from the inhabitants.
We made 64 speeches since the end of last winter.
The neighborhood is not allowed to give up, and the rats don't spill over into the city.
For reasons of protection of the environment and public health, renationation products are four times less effective than in the past, of course, but for two rats, we won't kill a friend.
"We didn't agree the rats at home" defend the father of family who left his house to settle for the hotel.
We're soon without the money and we expect a new housing, at the same time as the old one.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange is falling by 0.88%.
Tokyo's stock market ended on Friday despite good Chinese manufacturing statistics.
The Cote pasta the decline of the dollar against the yen, which is harmful to the export values and the warning about its annual result launched by Sony Thursday.
The Nikkei index lost 126.37 points (0.88%) to 14 201.57 and the Topix gave in 11.23 points (0.94%) to 1 183.03.
Sony fell by more than 11% to 1 668.
A house prey of flames in the Quebec.
A fire that started on Friday noon in the Viux-Quebec was quickly controlled.
More than a 30 firemen were sent to the 9 of the street.
The flames declared themselves in a house of three homes spread on four floor floor sites behind the Quebec's court.
Not all tenants were present at the fire.
The fire was mastered an hour after the arrival of firemen, many of them to intervene.
As soon as our first firemen arrived, they really saw the apparent smoke.
"So the alarms have succeeded, because it used to be strengthened to attack the building, because it's coloured buildings here", explained France Locelle, spokesman for the firemen in Quebec.
An investigation is underway to find the cause of this fire.
Ben Greenman: 10th anniversary of New York.
We could say that the city of New York is the place where the stand-up in America was born: almost 100 years ago, the device of voudle Frank Fay, who held the role of master of ceremony in the Palace Theatre, on Broadway, was starting to talk directly in front of the public, on your conversation.
The innovation of Fay has continued over the years, until the New York Fesredy Festival is taken up more recently.
Created and overseen by Caroline Hirsch, the founder of the stand-up club Carolines, the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year, with more than 60 shows presented in small clubs and great theatres.
"Most of the heads of poster emerged in Carolines, and had a great success, until they became too famous to play in a club", said Hirsch.
We created this festival to be able to continue working with them.
This year's event will see the participation of Wanda Sykes, Kathy Griffin and Bill Maher and the presentation of "Stand Up for Heres", a party of comedy and music for the benefit of former combatants, organized in Madame Sauden, which will be present, among others, Bruce Spreingsteen, Jon Stewart, Roger Wafers and Bill Crosby
The festival took on the scale, just like the world of the comedy.
Several of the comedians participating in this year's festival have gone through non-traditional channels, for example by showing shows on small TV channels, like Comedy Cenal, FX and Spike.
Nick Kroll made his appearance on the front of the scene in a ttcom on a cable channel ("The League" on the theme of fantasy fantasie soccer in the FXX channel) and now has his own show of sketchs on Comedy Central.
Jeny Slate participated in the "Stitday Night Live" program and was part of the "Parks and Recreation" series, but she is still known for her series of viral videos "Marcel the Shell with Shoes."
Kroll and Slite, as well as other young comedy comedians in the singular voice (the surreal pessimistic Anthony Jeselnik, the ironic defender of racial justice. Kamau Bell), are purses of the decentralised world of the American comedy.
One of the main attractions of the festival this year will be an interview: David Steinberg discussing with Larry David.
Steinberg started as a stand-up comedy, but he became a cinema and television director accomplished, as well as an ugly historian of the comedy.
Between 2005 and 2007, he animated a program on TV Land that was called "Sit Down Comy with David Steinberg."
The appointment takes place at the Hotel de Ville, in the center of Manhattan.
"The city is definitively in the comic DNA of all the work of Larry," said Steinberg.
He told me that when he was here, sometimes he came down a ruil between two building blocks and said himself, if I lose all my money, maybe I'll live here.
The price of oil continues to decline and is close to $96.
The price of oil continued to decrease Friday while the concerns about the importance of stocks compensated for a report showing that the energy-intensive Chinese manufacturing sector is strengthening.
The price of the American reference gross for delivery in December fell from 14 cents to 96.24 $the end of the morning in Europe during electronic exchanges on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX).
The contract lost 39 cents on Thursday, leaving it with a 5.8% decrease for October.
The abundant supply of crude oil has weighed on the price in recent weeks.
The American energy department indicated Wednesday that American supplies had increased by 4.1 million barrels last week.
Over five weeks, supplies have increased by more than 25 million barrels.
But two reports on the Chinese manufacturing sector arrived on Friday, which show a growth in activity, suggest an increase in demand.
This suggests that China's economic recovery could continue to recover after the growth has increased to 7.8% in the third quarter, after a decrease that we had not known for two decades in the previous quarter.
The crude Brent, a reference for the international gross crude already used by the American refineries, has lost 26 cents to fall to $108,58 per barrel on Inter-Continental Exchange (ICE) in London.
Limiting the right to abortion in Texas
A federal court of call reinstated Texas certain restrictions on the voluntary termination of pregnancy that had been blocked by a judge of first instance this week.
This judgment means that a law adopted in July in this state and largely questioning the right to abortion will be able to enter into force.
The judgment by the Court of Appeal means that doctors who will practice IVG will have to have an "admission privilege" with local hospitals.
The privilege of admitting is the right of a doctor, by virtue of his status as a member of a hospital hospital, to admit a patient in a hospital or a medical center to give them a diagnosis or treatment.
FVG supporters argue that the content of the law may result in an immediate closure of a third of the clinics of the state because these clinics have not managed to get this "admission privilege" for their practitioners.
In total, it would be about 22,000 women who would be deprived of access to these establishments.
Monday, a judge of first instance estimated on the eve of the entry into force of the law that the provisions dealing with the admission privilege were unconstitutional.
But the Attorney General of Texas, the Republican Greg Abbott, who presses the position of Governor, asked the Court of Appeal to cancel the first instance judgment that blocked the application of the law.
A plenary session on this question is planned for January.
The New Star managed to get a return in force, side by side, with 1.3 million viewers behind their TV station, or 5.6% of audience.
But was the show at the meeting?
Some 10 000 candidates have presented themselves to the hearings of this 10th season, to face the jury: Marane, the Sinter Sincle, the loser André Manoukian and Olivier Bas.
On Twitter, viewers shared their comments.
Sorry the excitation of finding their favorite program, many were disappointed.
But why so much disappointment?
No candidate seems to have really marked during this first premium.
As every year, the first hearing broadcasts breed a wide choice of weed singers, for the best and sometimes for the worst.
But on Twitter, we want show, emotion, originality, music...
Fortunately, some people found their account.
Many of them have tried the New Star, and sometimes even went to the end.
Behind the TV screens, successful singer vocations are still there, season after season.
Others just have the ambition to laugh.
The court blocks a decision on the NYPD control and control policy.
A federal court court blocked on Thursday the decision of a judge demanding changes in the programme of control and searches of the New York Police Service and drew the file.
The United States' Court of Appeal (second circuit) has indicated that the decision of the judge Sora Scheelin was suspended until the call of the city.
The judge ruled in August that the city had violated the Constitution following the implementation of its program aimed at controlling and questioning the citizens.
The city appealed to its conclusions and its correct ordinances, including a decision to allocate a controller to help the police department change its policy and the associated training programme.
The Court of Appeal heard the arguments on the request for suspension.
The Court of Appeal said that the judge had to be drawn from the file because she violated the code of conduct of judges by compromising the need for a judge to avoid any appearance of bias, partly because of a series of interviews in the media and public statements in which she publicly responded to the Court's criticism.
The judge ruled that police officers were infringing the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black men and original origin as part of their control and search program.
She appointed an external controller to monitor the changes, especially the reform of policies, training and supervision, and she ordered the establishment of a pilot program to test cameras on the body in the neighborhoods where the highest number of controls are taking place.
In August, the city of New York agreed to put an end to the practice of keeping the names and addresses of people whose case is rejected after police control.
The hearing of the call from the city should take place after March 14 2014.
The control and search tactic has been criticized by many supporters of civil rights.
This control and search system has been in existence for decades in a certain form, but the number of controls recorded increased dramatically under the administration of the independent mayor Michael Bloomerg, to reach his highest historical level in 2011 with 684 330 controls that related mainly to black and original men.
A judicial action was introduced in 2004 by four men, all from minorities, and turned into a collective action.
The supporters advocating changes in the NYPD control and search program say that they will put an end to unjust practices, allow to have more effective police forces and to be trusted, and will be able to change the way police departments use politics.
The opponents say that these changes would undermine the morale of the police without lowering crime, would be a waste of money and would not solve the wider problem of police forces under pressure after police officers have been greatly reduced over the last decade.
The judge pointed out that she did not put an end to the control and search practices, which are constitutional, but that she was reforming the way the NYPD was implementing its controls.
The tenants have to vote, because each of them spends on average $100 per month on the price of housing that goes to the Ville.
When the owner pays $5000 in municipal taxes, he divides this amount between each housing.
We are forced to increase rents to help us pay the new taxes.
By going to vote, we send a clear message.
We need to change things to the Ville.
All the candidates told us that they would attack the scandalous debt.
We no longer have the means to pay fireworks to $100,000, land of 4 to 5 million $in case...
Go to vote, it's the best way to express you and say that it's enough.
Fine of service for the cook head of the Elysee
Ensumed in the 500 m2 of the elysean cooks as committed after working in embassy, the kitchen has engraved all the ladder until the head becomes a leader, nine years ago.
He served six French presidents, from Georges Pompidou to François Hollande via Nicolas Sarkozy, including in their vacation places, and fed an incalculable number of people in this world in a quantum anonymity that he only breaks today, at retirement age, at 60.
Man with open face, unsolicited nursery and intellectual glasses, born on 24 October 1953 to Stéte-Saint-Abiin is holder of a CAP of pastry.
His mother was herself cooking in a Shelle of Soonia.
"I went from a house to the other!", ironise Bernard Vaughts, who knows not only the protests of the six presidents for whom he has officer, but also of their wives and some of their illustrious guys.
"It's always the head of the state or his partner or wife who chooses menus", remember.
"Mrs Chirac was a bit more involved, she came directly into cooking", to the point she banned women in the cooks of the Elysee!
Returning to the heads of state who displayed relative indifference to terrestrial food, "they're all greedy", denounces Bernard Vaughts gently.
Jacques Chirac certainly had "a slightly more developed appetite".
But with Nicolas Sarkozy, who suppressed cheese, the girls were coming back empty!
As for François Hollande, who reinstated cheese, "he's someone who likes to eat" and "there's little he doesn't like."
The current head of the state, who has regained the kilograms lost before the presidential campaign, has "no demand for a specific diet".
Bernard Vaughts also remember the pressure on his shoulders, especially during state dinners at the Elysee: you have to serve "between 200 and 250 people in an hour about".
The first night is almost white.
These people would not understand if there were mistakes.
The former head of the Elysee kitchen, who took a glass on Tuesday night with his team, his family and friends, with a heart at the heart ".François Hollande came to greet me".
He said praise.
"His human side came out", he says.
The boss will be replaced by his deputy, Guillaume Gomez, 35 years old, who has been for his part for 17 years at the Elysee.
In a house built in 1850 in Quebec
An historic house built in 1850 was the prey of flames in the Quemebec on Friday noon.
The four homes building, located in the 15 of the street Hebert, was the subject of three alarms at the fire service.
The fire said before, but it was on the three shelves of the building.
France Voisle, spokesperson for the Quebec Protection Service, said that the rapid intervention of firemen helped avoid the spread of flames in adjacent buildings, a major challenge for this sector of the city where the buildings are built in a closer way.
The burned house was home to four homes, but no tenants found themselves on the spot at the time of the fire.
The damage was all limited, even if the water caused damage.
An investigation will be conducted to determine the origin, but the downers have dismissed the thesis of a criminal act.
Wall Street Lolf: exit from the second
Martin Scorese leaves out some images of his next movie whose title, that of an ambitious new-yorkais brother, is incarnated by Leonardo DiCaprio.
Forget to be reasonable and leave your tickets.
Leonardo DiCaprio will decry you in his lunch traction role.
Martin Scorese is telling us the real story of a "Long Idder of Long Iland, which refuses to collaborate with the authorities in a big case of corruption at Wall Street".
In the 1980's, Jordan Belfort then mounts a scam that will make him a rich, very rich man.
The opportunity to follow his incredible rise, but also the sharp fall that will follow.
Without limits, the man enchain festivities, women, drugs.
Death and too much of all are the words of this crazy story.
The Seorese-DiCaprio couple seems to have found the magic that united them in Shutter Island.
The release of the new Scorese has delayed because of its too long montage.
It seems that the movie lasts at 2.45 p.m.
In the room on 25 December, he will be able to participate correctly in the race for oscars.
Coulon used the phone hacking to check a tuique.
The former editor of News of the World Andy Coulon would have used "the telephone hacking, surveillance and confrontation" to try to confirm a bogus tupes on a link involving the Minister of the Interior then in office, Charles Clarke.
The Docurur Andrew Edis QC said in the court of the Old Bailley that News of the World heard a false rumor in May 2005 according to which Clarke had a relationship with Hannah Pwlby, his "nice special adviser."
It was pointed out to the court that the newspaper called Glenn Muscaire, a private device, hacked off Pwby's voice box and "constantly planting front in front of his door", but Coull also called him and let him have voice messages.
"The accusation suggests that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of NotW, is not the kind of man to stay in front of people's house in hoping to surprise them, it's the kind of man to like to present the story to people to see what they're saying.
He said that NotW used three means to investigate the subjects: phone hacking, surveillance and confrontation.
The editor is personally involved in the third.
It is obvious that he is aware of the second, monitoring, he can't be otherwise.
But what about the first?
Is he aware of the telephone hacking?
He claims the opposite, but we say "Of course only if".
The rumors on a link involving Clarke were taken first by the office office in NotW when a source, having a sexual attraction against Miss Pwlby, said that we told her: "Don't lose your time with her, she is with Charles."
A gang, on which the registered voice messages were recorded on his phone at least three times, was seated at the house of Muscaire in August 2006.
Investigators also found seizures on the computer of the private device that related to Miss Pwlby and her sister row in a "Project" file.
During the period when the device investigated her, Miss Pwby's grandparents received anonymous calls where they were asked to have information on her, added Mr. Edit.
Meanwhile, the former reporter Neville Thurlbeck and the former reporter James Weaerup oversaw the monitoring of the least facts and actions of Miss Pwby.
In a voice message he gave him on 18 June 2005, Coull said: "I have a story that we plan to publish tomorrow, which I would really like to talk about in Charles."
Mr Edit explained that the involvement of Coulson in history followed the same pattern as with other important men, such as the former Minister of the Interior David Blunkett.
The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson faced Mr. Bunkett about a link with a married woman when he was a co-defender of the co-defense Rebekah Brooks, who was also married at that time.
Coulon and Brooks deny having conspirated with others to hack telephones between 3 October 2000 and 9 August 2006.
Mulcaire, Thurlbeck and Weatherup admitted to have carried out phone hackers.
Barack Obama gets the Prime Minister of Iraq, in the middle of a surge of violence.
The American president had to receive the Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki on Friday, 1 November 2013, in search of help from the United States to fight against the strongest wave of violence for five years.
In October, Iraq experienced its most deadly month in five and a half years, according to figures published on Friday 1 November by the Iraqi authorities.
964 people died in the violence in October, including 855 civilians, 65 policemen and 44 soldiers, and 1 600 people were injured.
The UN gives an even higher balance sheet with 979 deaths and 1 902 wounded.
The violence is increasingly murderous despite increased security measures and massive military operations launched for months by the government of Nouri al-Maliki, dominated by the Shiites.
The total number of deaths in October is the highest since April 2008, when 1 073 people were killed.
About two years after the withdrawal of American troops, the level of violence makes a new conflagration fear while neighboring Syria is in a civil war.
The bombs hit markets, mosques, marriages and funerals.
Men are shot in the middle of the street or even at home, and the security forces are also the target of frequent attacks.
The growing discontent of the Sunni minority, in power under Saddam Hussein, who complains about being politically marginalized and being the target of unjust arrests, has encouraged this surge of violence.
On Friday, new violence killed four people in the north of Iraq, following the death of at least 26 people in a series of attacks, including the exploding of five cars in the north of Baghdad.
A lot of the violence was attributed to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (EIIL), a group affiliated to al-Qaeda (Sunni extremism), also involved in the civil war in Syria.
Nouri al-Maliki wants a "global war" against al-Qaeda.
The violence is at the center of the talks in the United States of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki that will be received on Friday by President Barack Obama, two years after their previous meeting on 12 December 2011.
At the time, the American president, elected on the promise of ending the military engagement in this country, gave an optimistic picture of the situation.
Since its arrival on Wednesday in Washington, Nouri al-Maliki has multiplied the meetings with the executive, and the elected representatives of the Congress.
Thursday, he called for the international community to lead a "third world war" against al-Qa'ida.
The principle of increased security for Iraq in the area of security is supported by influential republican senators and democrats.
But the latter also criticized Nouri al-Maliki, a shit, ascribing the partial responsibility of the resumption of violence by his "sectarian and authoritarian politics".
They also asked Barack Obama to make Nouri al-Maliki understand that "Iran's pernicious influence in the Iraqi government is a serious problem in our bilateral relationship".
Beijing accuses an Uyghur group of the Tiananmen attack
The head of internal security in China accused a group of the Uyghur separatists of Xinjiang on Friday to be behind the car bomb attack that made five deaths in Tiananmen Square in the center of Beijing Monday.
The vehicle, a SUV, has got rid of the crowd that was on the famous place of the Chinese capital, a symbol of the murderous repression waged in 1989, and took fire killing its three passengers and two pants.
Mg Jianzhu, a member of the political office responsible for internal security issues, accused the Islamic movement of eastern Turkean to be the initiator of this attack.
Many Uyghurs, a Turkish-speaking minority installed in Xinjiang, call this Chinese province East Turkestan.
For the Chinese government, this movement is responsible for the frequent violence of violence that has taken place there with separatist claims.
"The violent terrorist episode that occurred in Beijing was organized and premeditated", said Mg to the Mongo-konge channel Phoenix TV.
"The group held behind the scenes was the Islamic movement of eastern Turkean", he added, his statements were taken up by the new China agency.
The Chinese police identified the vehicle driver whose name suggests that he was of Uyghur origin and said that his wife and his mother were with him in the car.
The latter also contained stories filled with gasoline and a flag with orthodox religious enrollments.
The incident did 42 wounded.
The Eastern Turkean movement is seen as a terrorist organization by the United States and the United Nations.
The Vatican sound on contraception, divorce and homosexuality
The Vatican has undertaken to conduct a big survey around the world about how the particles manage sensitive issues like contraception, divorce and the same-sex couples of people of the same sex.
The survey asks the participants how the priests deal with gay couples and their children, and how they treat the men and women who live together without being united by the links of marriage.
The survey was sent in mid-October to every national conference of bishops, with the instructions to get as many answers as possible.
Information will serve an important gathering on the family that the Pope François plans to organize next year.
The news was reported on Thursday by the "National Catholics Report", an independent Catholic newspaper from the United States.
A spokesperson for the Conference of Catholic bishops in the United States confirmed that the document was authentic and that every bishop would decide the right way to think about parissies.
In the United Kingdom, bishops published the internet survey by asking Catholics to participate.
DRC: the army attack the last fights of rebels
The permissibles of M23, or a few hundred combatants, were taken off almost 2000 meter meter on the farm hills of Channel, Runyonyi and Mbuzi, close to Bunagana and Joma, two localities located around 80 km north of Goma, the capital of the North Kivu province.
"It has not stopped since this morning, the battles continue in spite of the night", indicated to the AFP an inhabitant of Joma, jointed by the phone at noon, and according to whom a girlfriend was injured by the bullet in the morning.
"The intensity of clashes has reduced a little", he added, "it seems that the FARDC Forces of the DRC have pushed the rebels a bit."
According to this witness wishing to remain anonymous, the soldiers had "past the night" in Jomba before going to the front for an "Operation operation".
There was a lot of talk behind him about the creatures of light weapons.
From Bunagana, political fiefle and last place of the rebellion fell on Wednesday, a journalist from the AFP could listen to the detonations of heavy weapons.
According to a source to the United Nations Mission for the stabilisation of the DRC, the battles went "in a final phase", the FARDC having "surrounded the positions of the M23 residuals to remove them".
Since the recovery, on Friday, of clashes between the Movement of 23 Mars (M23) and the army, Monusco does not participate directly in the fighting, but it gives government troops a decisive support for intelligence, observation and planning.
At the end of the afternoon, several dozen soldiers, well equipped with ammunition, were heading for the front line.
They were armed with kalachnikov and rocket launchers.
A little earlier, on the road leading to Bunagana, post border with Uganda, soldiers who were aided by civilians were loaded with a multi-faceted rocket launchment mounted on a new truck truck of the FARDC, in order to ensure the point of another girlfriend pooling the positions of M23 on the hills.
The Congolese president, Joseph Kabila, called on Wednesday night once again to "demobilise voluntarily" or to be disarmed "by force", but let the Kamala process be opened, where Kinshasa and M23 have been discussing it since December without results for now.
On the spot, the M23 political leaders hope to reach an agreement.
"We finished the talks, it only remains for Ugandan mediation to organize the signature", said Roger Luuma, deputy of the M23 delegation, without this information being confirmed immediately on the government side.
M23 was born of a mutilation, in April 2012, of former rebels, especially Tutsi, integrated in the army in 2009 after a peace agreement.
The UN and Kinshasa regularly accuse Uganda and Rwanda of supporting M23, which Kigigi and Kampala refute.
The North Kivu is one of the most densely populated regions of the DRC, and its subground is full of coveted mining resources.
In Bunagana, on the Ugandan side of the border, where there were about 5000 people between Monday and Wednesday according to the UN, the return movement to the DRC that started in the morning reversed in the middle of day.
"This morning we went back to our fields, but the soldiers told us to replicate", told the AFP Imelda Nyirankui, surrounded by its nine children, including a baby on the back.
We have the impression that the shots are getting closer to the people.
At the beginning of the evening, dozens of inhabitants crossed the border, some with a match on the head, to spend the night in Uganda.
The musical comedy
Classical, sophisticated, popular, in English or in French, the song and danced productions take their flight.
After Broadway and London, Paris finally finds its voice.
It's a revolution: the music to the French is affirmed as a kind of success.
Long, from Nos. from Paris to Mozart the rock opera, most of the attempts would be made in the ridiculous.
And the success stories like Cabart or the Missives were the auto for the mystery.
The arrival of Jean-Luc Chopin in Chastelet and Stage - Entertment in Mogador changed the situation.
Today, these two scenes are taking the headlines as a success story.
The first takes up, this Christmas, its excellent Mair Fair and announces for the following the global creation of "an American in Paris".
In Mogador, "La Belle and the Beast" could be one of the success stories of the season.
On the other scenes, music shows like "1789", "the Bastille's lazy" and the small musical comedy like "Disco" or "Life and Times" make sense of success and quality.
Patrick Niedo, author of the reference book "history of musical comedy" and confer on the Theatelet Theatre, analyzes the reasons for the success that was so badly conquered.
How do French musical counties develop?
The offer has multiplied.
First there are the "musical shows" that evolve at the mercy of producers...
Some use them - beautiful images projections and a real story like in 1789, the Amants of the Bastille.
Others make a leap of fifteen years on the pretext that we can be used roughly - whatever you have Matt - Pokora in the head of poster.
Then, we have the musical comedy with the somptuous productions of Castellet that make us revive the golden age of Broadway and discover the universe of Stephen Sondheim, the largest - living composer.
Stage - Surttment popularizes the Anglo-Saxon music comedy of variety by adapting them in French.
The independent French producers are trying to make a living.
But ongoing projects like "Rent", "The Baier of the woman arry" or "Aveil of the - spring" have trouble being financed.
Do we have enough artists capable as a singer of singer, play and dance?
In Paris, when there are eight music shows in a season, it's a great year.
We have 200 talent artists who turn projects in projects.
In the United States, crap of the music comedy, it's very different.
Young people are trained to these professions in many schools.
There are lots of jobs between regional theatres, tourist, Broadway, off--Broadway...
The pie vivide is also so as the number of posts to be filled.
Why does the province in the province have as much success?
With the exception of the opera, the province remains the poor parent of culture in France.
Few theater pieces leave on tour and it's often a "theater theater" for adults and not young adults.
The music shows fill this - lack.
They are the same young people who like telereality and what it produces like ephemeral stars...
Proposing beautiful young men (often talented) at the top of the show of a music show, it's the insurance of these young girls and often of their entire family.
The Facebook pages of these shows are savingy - held by professionals who answer questions.
These shows are very much expected when they arrive in a province of the province.
The mayonnaise has grown in Paris and disgusted by provincials.
The Show is designed to enter all major French rooms in the same form as in Paris.
A serious injured in an accident with a ghost driver on the Brussels Brussels ping
A road accident caused a serious hurt, on Friday morning at 5: 30, on the internal moving of Brussels at the height of Hoeilart, in the direction of Waterloo.
The car of a driver was bought by a ghost driver, who is unscathed.
The movement was closed to the traffic, until 9: 00, at the place of the accident, the time that the road is taken out and an expert determines the circumstances of the accident.
However, this situation has hardly caused traffic jams because the accident took place at the height of the HOhilaart exit.
The traffic has therefore been thrown out by this exit / entry.
A seriously injured child in an attraction in Disneyland Paris
A five-year-old child was injured after an accident on an attraction at Disneyland Paris.
His vital prognosis is no longer engaged but he's still hospitalized.
At the time of the fall, the guy was with his father on a ship of the "Piats of the Caribbean".
It was closed up until new order.
DRC: the army is preparing a new assault
Children are playing on a carbon bluné that belonged to the M23 rebels, in Kitbumba on 31 October 2013, in the east of the DRC.
The Congolese army was preparing on Friday for a new attack against the last bastions of the rebels of M23 near Bunagana, in the east of the DRC.
The objective is to remove the M23 of the hills that overshadow Bunagana.
Yesterday, we took the hill of Buina, which overshadows the one of Mbuzi.
Today, Mbuzi should fall by himself.
There will only be the Runyonyi hill.
"Sellow of Chansor is not very strategic", indicated to the AFP the Governor of North Kivu, Julien Pluku.
Mr Pluku plans to go on Saturday to Bunagana.
Politics and the last place of the rebellion, this locality is located at the Ugandan border, about 80 km away north of Goma.
It was taken on Wednesday by the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo Wednesday.
Since then, a few hundred permissibles from M23 are taken up at almost 2,000 meters of altitude on the farm hills of Channel, Runyonyi and Mbuzi, close to Bunagana and the neighbouring town of Joma
In Jomba, an inhabitant who reported fighting all near Thursday during the whole day indicated that the situation was "calm since this morning".
According to him, a woman and her child were killed by the fighting on the day and were buried.
A girlfriend was injured by the ball, and three other people were injured, including a rise, evacuated by the FARDC, added this witness cited by the AFP.
Since the start of fighting between the FARDC and the rebels on 25 October, the two warring parties have not given any assessment of the loss of life.
The NSA's revelations increase the paranoia of companies with regard to state surveillance
By a nice day of the end of August, a German police helicopter overvolved at low altitude the British Concellate in Frankfurt, Germany's financial capital.
On the order of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), the National German intelligence agency, its mission was to photograph the roof of the American outpost, located less than 5 km from the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank.
The German media explain that the BfV was hoping to identify the presence of listening antennes and that the operation triggered an exchange between the United States and the German Foreign Ministry in Berlin.
James Claper, the director of American intelligence services, insisted again in September that the United States does not use their foreign intelligence capabilities to "steal industrial secrets from foreign companies for the account of American companies to increase their international competitiveness or increase their profits".
But since Edward Snowden, the consultant who has become whistlebaster, started unveiling his inexhaustible treasure of information about the secrets of US surveillance, European governments and business managers don't know if you have to believe the director to speak.
Reports that the National Security American has spilled Brazilian oil company Petrobras and had access to data held by American providers of storage services in the Could, especially Google and Yahoo, have more than ever triggered paranoid paranoia of companies
The revelation according to which German Chancellor Angela Merkel's phone had been hacked, maybe even for a decade, was the drop of water that made the cake overflow.
If the most powerful person in Europe can be targeted, then company managers are surely also potential targets.
Snowden made the intensive collaboration between American intelligence services and companies transparent.
I think it's inconceivable that these data should be used in their mutual interest.
"Germany must wake up" says Oliver Grün, the president of BITMi, who represents German SMEs in the IT sector.
German companies think that the United States represents such an important risk as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft, according to a survey published in July by the consulting firm EY.
However, in all the documents unveiled by Mr. Snowden, there is no evidence to date that the United States has transmitted industrial secrets from foreign companies to American companies.
Politicians expressed their concern that the EU does not have sufficient IT and internet capabilities and think that it should try to reduce its dependence on the United States.
Company managers are skeptical about this.
A deputy from the German parliament says that we should create a German Google.
I can only close my eyes and open them slowly...
"This is not the right way to do", says Hasso Patatner, president of the German company software company, SAP.
If we wanted a strong European IT industry, then we shouldn't let it die 20 years ago.
Everything is subsidised in Germany, coal to cars, through farmers.
Everything except IT industry.
Yet the scale and sophistication of US espionage agencies exposed by the Snowden revelations were a shock for some companies that thought that China was the biggest risk in terms of surveillance.
A big change is taking place in the cloud computer because European leaders realized that the data kept in the United States are governed by the laws of this jurisdiction and therefore potentially vulnerable.
According to an investigation carried out by the Cloud Security Alliance, a professional organization, some 10% of non-American members have renounced their projects to use an American provider of storage services in the cloud after the revelations about the US program of data exploration. Prism.
Jim Snbee, co-director of SAP, says: "Our clients ask us today a question that they didn't ask us a year ago: where my data are kept and can you assure me that they will remain physically in this jurisdiction?"
Many German leaders indicate that the latest reports are only confirmation of what they already knew, namely that powerful states want to steal their most precious secrets and that these data must therefore be kept at all costs.
It's not surprising that there is economic espionage.
There have always been.
"It's a recurrent topic for many years and nothing has fundamentally changed in the context of the current discussion", says Kurt Bock, director of the company producer of chemical products BASF.
The Americans spy on us in commercial and industrial terms just as we spy on them, because it is in the national interest to defend our companies.
Company managers are usually unlikely to reveal the prevention measures they put in place, in case it would leave the benefit of an opponent.
Big companies have long been marching the message that it is for the least imprudent to recover a free USB key in a professional room or to leave a laptop computer without monitoring in a hotel room.
Ulich Hakenberg, a member of the management board of the automobile manufacturer. Audi, says that the collection of mobile phones before the advice of the advice, so that they can't be used as distance listening devices, is a common practice for years.
Germany's BfV advises its leaders to consider using simple mobile phones paid during their trips abroad because of the risk of damage to the integrity of smartphones.
Pre-paid mobile phones are then thrown out.
However, we are worried that small and medium-sized companies will remain vulnerable to pirating and monitoring.
In Germany, many SMEs are world leaders in their particular niche.
"SMEs often lack experience, staff and financial resources to effectively protect their industrial secrets against unauthorised access", warn the BfV in a report.
The United States alert their own companies to the activities of economic espionage carried out by other countries.
The National Intellectuale Estimate (NIE) carried out in February by the United States, was quoting France, as well as Russia and Israel, guilty to the second degree of having carried out economic information pirates, behind China, according to The Washington Post.
A member of the management board of a renowned German company thought that when it comes to economic espionage, "the French are the worst".
Bernard Squarcini, the former director of French inner intelligence, the DCRI, said in an interview this month: "The services know perfectly well that all countries, even if they cooperate in the fight against terrorism, spit their allies."
The parents of a teenager of Georgia, who died in unusual circumstances, think their son was killed
The parents of a teenager of Georgia, whose body has been found in a ruined fight in the gymnage of his high school, think that their son was killed, declared the family lawyer Thursday.
Kendrick Johnson, from Valdosta in Georgia, was found on 11 January stuck in a carpet strongly standing behind the stands of the gymnase of his high school.
The investigators of the Comé of Lowounds concluded that Johnson was died in unusual circumstances, but the family of the young boy of 17 contests these conclusions.
"They're absolutely certain that their son was killed", said Benjamin Crump, the lawyer representing Kenneth and Jacquyyn Johnson, on Fparadox News.com.
They never thought he was dead as indicated in the sheriff's conclusions.
"They think that it challenges all logic, physical laws and common sense", added Crump.
They are convinced that these conclusions were delivered for the sole purpose of covering the or those responsible for the death of their son.
"They sent their son to the school with a table and they made them in a mortal bag", he added.
The US Public Prosecutor Michael Moore said on Thursday that he was carrying out an official investigation into the death of Johnson, pointing out that several important questions remained unanswered.
What is the cause of death?
Is his death the result of a criminal act?
Moore expressed himself during a press conference on Thursday afternoon.
I will follow up the facts, wherever they lead.
My goal is to discover the truth.
"I consider that there is a sufficient basis" to open an official investigation, he said.
Moore told journalists that the first autopsy indicated that Johnson was deceased by "positional asphyxy."
However, a second autopsy has identified another cause of death, according to Moore.
"Several questions still deserve an answer or confirmation", he indicated.
Moore added that if he reveals elements of nature to justify a civil or criminal investigation on the death of Johnson, he will ask the FBI to lead it.
The representative of the office of the sheriff of Lowounds was not available to give us his opinion when we contacted him on Thursday.
A South Georgia judge ordered the authorities on Wednesday to put all the video-surveillance records that the investigators had examined.
The parents of the teenager said they hope that video images contain clues about the circumstances of his death.
The CDC publishes advice on allergies in the child to schools
Wednesday, the American Centre for Disease Prevention and Prevention published a series of directives indicating how to manage the food allergies of children at school.
This is the first series of guidelines that the American government publishes, since the number of children in school age suffering from food allergies has soared.
A child in 20 in the United States today suffers from a food allergy.
The CDC discovered that the prevalence of food allergies in the child had increased by 18% between 1997 and 2007.
The guide contains information for schools about how to raise awareness of professoral bodies and staff to the food allergies in the child, and how to deal with them in the event of an allergic reaction.
It also recommends to schools to have a catchment stock - Epipen brand self-injector being the most commonly used - to be able to react quickly in the event of potentially deadly anaplaxis.
The legislative assemblies of the states have recently updated the regulations to allow schools to have more easily the spray in stock.
The report also includes a list of typical symptoms communicate by children who have an allergic reaction.
Children can say, "I have the impression that something like the language", "I feel like I have a hair on the language" or "I have pedestrians on the language".
The NSA affair highlights the total lack of debate on intelligence
How can you explain the contradictory attitude of the French government, which on the one hand is offended in public by calling the ambassador of the United States on 21 October, and on the other banning the overflying of the territory by Bolivian presidential plane, based on the rumor of the presence on his board of Edward Snowden?
In my opinion, there are two levels of response from the French government.
When François Hollande calls on Barack Obama or the Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius calls the ambassador of the United States, they react to a real discovery, which is the scale of the American surveillance on all communications in France.
Is it not surprising to read in the columns in Le Monde a few weeks away from the reproduction of the American diplomatic correspondence and on the other a condemnation of the listen of the Quai d'Orsay by the NSA?
Would it not be like a vague hypocrisy from you?
The journalistic process is not a moral positioning, but the search of interest and the relevance of information that allows each citizen to form an opinion.
When WikiLeaks remove the veil on the American diplomacy analysis of political or other issues around the world, we do indeed think that, in view of American power, this is an important lighting.
When we describe the American interception systems against French diplomacy in the United States, it's under no circumstances to outrage us of this practice, it's to describe the world as it's.
Did France receive information provided by the NSA concerning terrorist operations aimed at our interests?
Can we deprive ourselves of American collaboration?
The introduction of very powerful interception technology for the past ten years by the United States, but also by France, has officially been justified by the fight against terrorism.
Also, in this field, France and the United States, in particular, have put in place cooperation and information exchange procedures almost daily and are described on both sides as essential.
For example, the presence of Mohammed Merah in the tribal zones in Miranshah has been reported to the French thanks to the means of the NSA.
France can be conducted, for example, to transmit whole blocks of data on the Sahel region to American services, and in return - we already said it quickly - the Americans can give the French people information on other regions of the world.
So the basic question behind this NSA affair isn't so much the ability or the right of countries to equip themselves with interception tools, that the question of the total lack of prior debate, especially within the parliaments, about the justification of such systems, the perimeter that must be their own, and ultimately the question of violations of liberties.
What is the real risk of the United States?
We can denounce them, I don't see how they can be punished.
The risk run by the Americans may be double.
The first is when their allies - and this has been the case recently - learn that their leaders, sometimes at the top of their state, have been watched.
This is the case with Brazil and Germany, two countries where diplomatic relations with the United States were tense.
Another effect may be more economical: more and more European or South American companies are struggling, in the light of the revelations, to entrust their confidential data to American providers subject to American laws, and therefore to the emtaking of the NSA.
Last element: the vast movement of revelations committed by media around the world, which helps to start a debate on intelligence monitoring practices until then almost non-existent, could force legislators, including Americans, to reconsider the powers they gave to their intelligence services.
Parents of sex children can choose "undefined sex"
Germany became the first European nation to recognize a third sex for infants born with ambiguous sexual organs.
The male or female sex of the new born will not be attributed to them in a rigid way at birth.
Under the new law, parents will no longer be required to declare the sex of their children, allowing them to include an "undefined" or "unspecified" sex on its birth certificate.
The purpose of the law was to remove the pressure on parents who could take hasty decisions regarding an surgery of sexual resting for their infants, and to fight against discrimination against people who are sexual.
According to the BBC, an sexual person would have said years later, "I am neither a man nor a woman."
I'm going to stay the patchwork that doctors, contusities and balafés created.
It is estimated that a child on 2 000 born every year is neither a boy nor a girl.
They are interviewed, the intersexuality is part of the group of 60 diseases diagnosed as a disturbance of sexual development, a generic term designating people with chromiosomes or gonades (ovaries or testicular) or abnormally developed sexual organs.
Diana Simpson could have been sexually sextured.
Sexual identification is still not well understood, but most specialists in the United States say that when sex cannot be defined, it is better to use the best information available to attribute it, then to wait and follow the psychological and physical development of the child before considering a surgical act, where necessary.
Dr Jack Drescher, psychiatrist in New York and specializing in questions of sexual identification, said that the new German law "seems to be a good idea".
Sexual children pose an ethical dilemma.
"Some people suffer from extremely serious diseases that require a surgical act, but it's not the case of most children", he added.
You can make sexual assignment without operation, and see how identity develops.
The science of knowing how a child will develop a sexual identity is not very precise.
Nobody can answer the question of why this happens.
It's like the mystery surrounding homosexual people.
A report submitted to the European Commission in 2011 describing people who are sexually abused as different from transsexual or transgender people, since their status is not related to sex but rather to their biological constitution, which is not exclusively that of a man or just that of a woman, but is in general both at the same time and not clearly defined as one or the other.
These features can be manifested themselves in secondary sexual character (like muslim mass, piloting, pepper, and stature), primitive sexual character (like reproducing bodies and sexual bodies) or the structure of chrorosomes and hormones.
The report also gave an overview of the discrimination faced by sexual and transgender people in employment matters, as well as the scale of acts of harassment and violence and crimes motivated by prejudice.
Young non-compliant girls now have camps that are especially destined for them.
Australia and Nepal already allow adults to sign male, feminine or "third sex" on their official documents.
In June, a 25-year-old Australian, Norrie May-Welby, became the first person in the world to have been recognised "neutral" after winning his appeal trial that allows him to keep a "unspecified sex" to life.
German passports will include a third designation next to M or F - X for intersexuals, according to the Ministry of the Interior.
In neighboring France, gender issues are always the subject of controversy, according to a report broadcast on France 24.
In 2011, dozens of legislators in this fundamentally Catholic country signed a petition for "gender theory" to be removed from the school books.
The American website Catholics Online also opposed the German law, writing that "since the world is dragged in a new rule where the gender is a choice but where sexual activity is not one, we're overturning two other pillars of civilisation."
In Maryland, the mother of a baby also said on Baby Zone that she would prefer a sex to be awarded to babies at their birth.
"The role of parent is sufficiently stressed without any additional restrictions, especially if you don't know the sex of your child", she said on the site for young parents.
Children need stability and certainties.
Historically, children born without male or female sexual organs were called Hermahroix, according to the name of the beautiful Greek God who had a double sex.
And only about ten years ago, the medical community considered the gender to be an arm, that you can erase and on which we can redesign it.
But now, many people are questioning the ethical basis of surgery, knowing that sexual identity is complex and that sometimes doctors can make mistakes, don't knowing how a child will feel his sexual resignation when he grow up.
"In the middle of 20th century, it was called a psychiatric emergency", said Drescher.
When these children were born, they didn't call the psychiatrist, they were phone calls.
The dominant theory about how to treat children with ambiguous sexual organs was launched by Dr John Money, at the University Johns-Hopkins, who considered that the gender is dead.
He devoted the term "sexual identity" and argued that social and environmental signals - the way parents raise a child - interact with the genes and hormones of a child to shape it so that it is identified as male or female.
But in a case of 1966, known as "John / Joan", his theories gave rise to controversy.
He advised the parents of a little boy whose penis had been cut during a botched circumcision to make him completely obsessed, by also removing the testicules, and raising him like a girl.
"Money presented this as a successful transition case, but it was not the case", said Drescher.
At the age of about 15, he became a guy and married with a woman.
But at 38, he committed suicide.
Drescher said that some doctors "always repeat this model".
But in the 90s, with the arrival of the Internet, those who survived these sex change operations say "[that] they are not satisfied with the result."
This is the case of Jim Bruce, a 35-year-old writer from Montana, who was born with male chromioses XY but ambiguous sexual organs.
Doctors couldn't really say if he had a large clitoris or a little penis and convinced that he could never have a "satisfactory life" as a man.
So soon after his birth in 1976, Bruce suffered a surgical subscription from the external body and the testicules and was high like a girl.
He was given female hormones at the age of 12.
"I knew I was not a girl", he said on ABCNews.com.
I was not happy, but it was really difficult to ask questions.
At 18, he was subjected to a vaginoplasi.
But depressed and realized that something didn't go, he asked his medical file.
What he discovered was horrified.
I was sterilized at birth - and no one ever told me.
Bruce was born with a disorder of sexual development (DDS) that prevented its body from producing enough testosterone so that its sexual organs could develop.
Having learned the truth, he became a man, following a treatment with testosterone and got rid of the breasts.
The surgery made it sterile.
Today, he defends the cause of others in an organization called Interface Project, which is trying to normalize the perception of people who are sexual.
But Anne Thard-Mattrs, the general director of the non-profit organization based in California Advocate for Informed Choice, fears that the German law "invites labelling and stigmatisation".
"Many activists worry that the German law encourages parents to make quick decisions and give their children an" undefined sex ", she said.
We are afraid it encourages interventions.
We think it would be better to give a male or female sex, and wait.
But we didn't see what the law would give, so we can only advance hypotheses.
Tamar-Mattrs said that his organization supported the Australian law because "it allows adults to choose to be recognised under the third sex".
"adults should be able to make their own decisions about a legal kind", she added.
German law concerns the attribution of sex to birth.
It's not a battle that young children should lead to this age.
When they grow, they will be able to make decisions about their own body.
But the Dr Arlene Baratz, a radiologist specialized in the momographs in Pittsburgh, whose daughter is afflicted by a mess of sexual development and which helps thousands of people in a support group, said that the German law "responsibility will be" responsibility "for parents and children.
The girl of Dr Baratz, Karet, was born with male chromioses, but suffers from a DDS called insensitive syndrome for androme.
As a result of the failure of its ancestors of androme, Kais has developed feminine features.
She has a vagin, but no uterus or ovaries.
Today, 29 years old, Karet is married and internal in childhood psychiatry at Pennsylvania University.
Although it is sterile, it hopes to have children through adoption services or portable mothers.
"The law gives parents some latitude so that they don't have to make hasty decisions", said Baratz.
This leaves them the time to do some tests and to understand them, and a deadline before putting "male" or "feminine".
So everything goes well - you can raise your child and love it.
You have a beautiful baby and enjoy the pleasure of being parent.
You do not have to rush you for surgical intervention that is irreversible.
"This puts children at the heart of the decision and moderates the feeling of anxiety that motivates parents because they are scared of not doing what you need", she said.
Finally, the child will decide with which sex he / she feels the / most at ease - and it's something wonderful.
This allows the child to take the decision for himself.
Tetta confident in the longevity of his government
The Italian Council president Enrico Letta judges that his government will hold until 2015 despite the strong tensions between left and right within the ruling coalition in the run-up to the Senate vote to strip Silvio Berlusconi of his mandate.
In an interview daily La Stampa, the leader of the center left says he has "firmly the intention" to continue to govern with his coalition until the next general elections in 2015.
The upper house of the Italian parliament will meet during the month to decide the fate of the former President of the Council convicted for tax evasion in August.
Silvio Berlusconi threatens to remove his support for the government if the Senate, where he has more opponents than supporters, pronounces his deportation.
But part of his camp, grouped around the National Secretary of the People's Peoples (PDL) Angelino Alfano, continues to support the government, as demonstrated on 2 October last year his refusal to give in to Berlusconi's orders that already wanted to let the cabinet fall.
The L.A. Times reports that an agent of the US Transport Security Agency, TSA, and a suspect were injured during the exchange of fire.
firemen called on the scene of the drama claimed that they responded to an appeal showing "multiple wounded".
"The forces of order are there", specifies the airport on its Twitter account, while TV pictures showed people evacuated in ambulances.
"There was a shooting," said to the AFP a spokesperson for the American transport security agency (TSA).
The local antenna of ABC showed a person evacuated on a kicking, and a second transported on a wheelchair.
The incident took place at 9: 30 p.m. (12rm in Montreal) at the terminal 3 of the airport, also specified the airport.
The Los Angeles Times specifies that the Teminals 2 and 3 are being evacuated.
The TSA spokesman was not able to confirm immediately if one of his employees was injured.
All flights at the arrival and departure of the airport have been suspended.
The Israeli army kills a member of Hamas to Gaza
Israeli tanks killed an Islamist Palestinian militant in Hamas on Thursday and injured another in the south of the Gaza strip, they learned after sources of health services.
A source from Hamas has explained that fighting has broken out in this region, because Israeli tanks crossed the border and were targeted by your Palestinian property firing.
The Israeli army has content itself with mentioning a "targeted action" in the area close to a tunnel called "terrorist" by the State Hebreu, digging at the border and whose discovery was announced in mid-October.
Report: Obama campaign considered to be leaving Biden for Hillary Clinton
The advisors closest to President Barack Obama have considered, in the biggest secret, to replace Vice President Joe Biden by Hillary Clinton on the 2012 list, according to the New York Times.
This revelation is the most striking event that appears in the very expected book of the 2012 campaign of Mark Hallperin and John Heiln, "Don Downn: Game Change 2012".
The Times got a copy of the book to appear and reported on Thursday night that the president's close collaborators had conducted "thorough work in groups and polls at the end of 2011" to see if the eviction of Biden could help Obama in his re-election while his hopes were drunk.
According to the political correspondent of the Times Jonathan Martin, the book offers a detailed analysis of the work of the senior leaders of the campaign and of the White House, namely the former Secretary General of the White House. Bill Déaly, to measure what effect the replacement of the Vice-President by the former Secretary of State Clinton could have on the ballot.
The possibility of an exchange is a secret that was fiercely guarded within the BG of the Chicago campaign and inside the oven Office.
Only half a dozen close advisors of the president - especially Déey, the former campaign leader of Obama Jim Messina and the former advisers in the White House David Axelroid and David Plouffe - knew that the change was at the study.
"Don Downn" indicates that Deey has conducted the charge to replace Biden, despite their "close personal links", before finally deciding against change when the numbers have shown that having Clinton on the presidential list "did not significantly improve Obama's chances of success".
In an interview with Martin, Deey confirmed that the administration did indeed plan to replace Biden by Clinton.
"I said I had looked at a whole series of questions, and it was one of them," said Déey in the newspaper.
Remember that at the time, the president was not in shape, and so we said, "Lord, what can we do?"
While Daméy called the "concert" examination, Martin said to Anderson Cooper of CNN that the re-election campaign had invested a lot to discover if the change would be beneficial during the elections.
"The countryside doesn't spend a lot of money on polls and discussion groups unless they seriously consider taking measures", said Martin on AC360.
However, we do not know if Obama was aware that his team was looking at the replacement.
Martin said on CNN that he asked Déley if his boss was aware of the possible reorganisation.
Even though Déey said he did not think the president was aware of the possible change, the former Secretary-General admitted that he was "possible" that Obama knew.
Martin added that "Don Downn" did not definitively answer the question of whether political surveys had arrived on the Obama office.
Cooper asked Martin if he seriously thought that Obama didn't know that Biden's eviction of the presidential list was considered.
"Maybe" replied Martin.
Do you want a fluo ice?
A British entrepreneur created the first fluorescent ice in the world based on meats.
Charlie Francis has taken advantage of the fluorescent properties of this marine animal to develop a lusty collation.
He had the idea after reading a study on the meats and convinced Chinese scientists to recreate the shit protein chemically.
The ice cream reacts with the language by increasing the pH of the protein to make it shit.
Chris explains that, since the ice cream starts to shit when it responds to the heat of the mouth, the more we go, the more it becomes brilliant.
Charlie, the founder of the ice society "Lick Me." I'm Deliid, said: "It's something incredible but we are still only at the beginning in terms of production, and 2 g of this thing costs about 200 £."
The protein we use in the ice reacts with the neutral pH language.
So when your mouth heat up the protein, the level of pH increases and the ice is shining.
We tried it over the last few months and it seemed good to share it with everyone at the time of Hallaween because it gives an extraordinary brilliant effect.
It's probably the most expensive ice I created because the fucking of the weather is worth four times more expensive than gold.
Every shop costs me about £140.
But it's pretty good!
society at the experimental process of Charlie, based in Bristol, is known for its unusual icing fragrances such as beer, cheese, beef and the golden leaf.
But his next creation will be even more ambitious.
He added: "I really want to develop an invisible ice."
It is intrinsically impossible because of the reaction caused by icing crystals that are the ice cream, but I think I'll find a way to do it.
The ice uses the fluorescent properties of the guy synthetic by Chinese scientists.
Lou Red died during a session session.
The singer Lou Red died while he was carrying out exercises of tai.
The artist died last Sunday, at the age of 71.
"He's died Sunday morning, when he watched trees and made the famous 21th movement of tai i, with his hands of musicians who looked like", writes Launrie Anderson.
Lou Red was a master's master, a Chinese martial art.
The singer's wife also explains that she promised her husband, the week before her death, to get her out of the hospital and take her in their house in Spring (Long Iland).
Lou and I spent a lot of time here in recent years.
And even if we are urban, it's our spiritual house.
"Lou was a prince and a fighter, and I know that his songs on the pain and beauty of the world will pass on to many people the great joy of living that he had", added it.
Lou Red suffered a liver transplant last May.
Hallwen 2013: In numbers
When I was small, Hallween was magic.
My sister and I were allowed to eat sweets, to go down late and to disguise ourselves to go in the neighborhood.
Today, I became more pissed.
Over the last two years, I have not distributed a single bonus and I will certainly not do it this year.
But the stats show that I am the black sheep when we talk about Hallween.
The majority of Americans - 158 million of them in fact - will celebrate Hallaween this year, spending a total of 6.9 million euros on bongood, disgusting and decorations, according to National Retteration.
What I'm looking forward to every party in Hallaween is the tendencies.
The disgusting should represent $1.2 million on the 6.9 billion spent, according to the NRF.
This year, inanimated objects make fun.
Women no longer need to be sexy professionals; they can also be sexy food like pizzas, hamburgers and carrots.
As for men, I expect to see many zombies, thanks to the TV series The Wall Dead, and I bet that the men from the space of Daoft Punk will be among our photos Instagram this year.
According to Google, the most sought disgusts are zombies, Batman, pirates and witches.
I suppose that there is no problem remaining traditional.
We disguised our dogs last year and, to my surprise, they were not the only ones.
In fact, Americans will spend $330 M in disgusting for animals this year, according to the NRF.
This is a lot of curious dogs disguised as Hotdogs.
When it's good good, we don't slip.
Americans will spend $1.9 $in good this year, according to the Nielsen cabinet.
This represents about 272 million kg of balls Hershey, sugars, Milk Duds, Twizzlers and bars Clark.
It's a great news for the 41 million children who go to the hunt hunt in their neighborhood, according to the American department of the Commerce.
In fact, we're going to buy and, let's tell ourselves no stories, consume 41 million kg of chocolate during Halleween.
The bongood corn is the only thing we do not want to eat; yet almost 16 million kg are sold for Hallaween, according to the National Conf-Association Association.
This represents about 9 billion grain grain grain.
It's a mystery that I have not yet managed to elder.
Nothing is more representative of Hallaween than Haned houses.
They have the best names, like "Teror Behind The Walls" (which is actually a real prison), "How-O-Screnam" and "The House of Sheck".
Actually, there are 1,200 officially recognised houses in the United States, which generate about $500 of revenue, according to America.
Finally, let's talk about citrols.
Charlie Brown presented us La Biousse Ciroille when we were gonna, and spitting a shitty shit, it's like decorating a Christmas tree - it's something we've done since we're all small.
Luckily for us, the "Bébéshé trend" started only last year thanks to Pinterest, so most of us sculed these poles and didn't have to sit down in it.
This year, Americans will spend about $106 M in citrols, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
The shitty lanes that are slowly fucking on your house's pork probably came from Illinois, where 542 million citrols were grown this year.
If you're trying to make you notice more, call Tim and Susan Mathedon in Napa, California, and try to sculpate their shit of 922 kg.
Royal Bank of Scotland will internally create a device structure ("bad bank") involving 38 billion pounds (45 billion euros) of the most risky assets, measure to relax relations with London and speed up its reprivatization.
The bank wants to reduce the proportion of dubious assets in its balance sheet by 55% to 70% in the next two years and hope to have completely cleaned up it in three years.
RBS also said that it would include a vision to depreciate the additional dubious debts of four to 4.5 billion books in the quarter, a writing related to the constitution of the canning structure.
RBS also said that this internal restructuring would release from 10 to 11 billion pounds of capital, thereby strengthening its ability to lend.
The bank and London stressed that the "bad bank" would make it possible to draw a line on the past, the government having in particular been accused of interfering in the management of RBS.
"We can now move forward, worry about the future and 90% of the assets that represent a really good bank and build a big bank for customers and for the UK", said the new Director-General Ross McEwan to the press.
Land Rover announces his sponsoring of a series of races
The interior has bouquet seats and hateful belts at 6 points, as well as an Intercom system.
Among the options, let's mention improved brains, a service giving access to mechanics.
Drew Boler, the director General of Boler Motorport said: "The rallyre amateur amateurs who join. Bler have changed."
They are not all experienced, some are looking for excitation and adventure and realistic access to international events.
We are really happy to offer such an approach in partnership with Land Rover and the MSA, and we are convinced that it will be a new way to try different forms of rays in the United Kingdom and international, and to prepare for the riggers and the realities of raids raid.
We had a lot of pleasure in developing the vehicle of Defen-Challenge - the champion is really going to be palpable.
Moreover, the Defder Challenge will propose a day of training and tests in February and the possibility of participating in events in the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East.
The firemen have been called to rescue a lost plot after staying stuck at 15 I above the ground on an unstable cornic in a career
Ruby, a cool sponge, had escaped after a road accident without gravity
She was retrived three days later by a person who walked his dog stuck in the career.
The firemen descended back to remind you along the cliff to recover the chicken and save it from a certain death
A plot had the chance to escape the worst after the firemen were called to recover it safely even though it was lost at 15 I above the ground on the unstable season of a cliff.
Ruby, a cool keyboard of 9 months, escaped after a road accident Sunday afternoon and survived for three days alone before being saved in a career Wednesday.
His landlords, Scott Alderson, 25 years old, and his little friend Becky Hall, 20 years old, went to the career of Fapprespy in Denholme, in the West Yorkshire, to find Ruby and to thank the West Yorkshire fire and rescue service.
They desperately looked for their lost chicken and launched an appeal on social media sites after she disappeared in the career following an accident without gravity.
Towards 14h15 Wednesday, a person in the acute eye who promised his dog to repé Ruby on a cornache in the career, stuck at 15 m above the ground.
A technical assistance team from the fire brigade at Cleckeaton went to the place and came back to a reminder to save Ruby using a civics for animals to transport it until the top of the cliff.
The technical assistance specialist Andy Clayton said: "It was in a precarious situation."
She was in the middle of the cliff, 15 me at the top and 15 on the ground.
She absolutely didn't move during the rescue - she was frozen.
But it's fine now.
She eaten biscuits after.
It was a very unusual call.
It's incredible that someone noticed the dog.
The technical assistance specialist Peter Lau said: "Ruby had a lot of luck to get out of it."
She could have been seriously injured or worse.
Ruby was led by the veterinarian for control; its general state was satisfactory, apart from exhausting and dehydration.
Miss Hall, of Halifax in the West Yorkshire, said: "I was terrified by watching the help."
I didn't think it was there first.
It was surprising to have it again in arms.
The veterinarian said that if she had been too exhausted and had evaded, she would probably have fallen.
The firemen were stunned.
What they did was really courageous.
We are so grateful, each of them was absolutely wonderful.
Mr Alderson, from Keighley, added: "We were afraid it fell but she didn't move."
The firemen were super.
I can't believe it was there.
Mick Jagger says he never dreamed Katy Perry when she was 18 years old.
During an interview during an Australian radio program this week, the pop star said that she was a chorist on Jagger's song "Old Habits De Hard" in 2004.
Perry said having dinner with the rock veteran and explained, "he drained me when I was 18 years old".
She added, "It was a long time ago, and he was very nice."
In a statement on Thursday, a representative of Jagger, 70 years old, said he was "completely denigrated to have made advances to Katy Perry".
The representative added: "Maybe she confuses it with someone else."
Perry was one of the songs to appear during the tour of Rolling Stones this year.
His new album, "Prism", landed at the first place of the charts this week.
Beijing calls into question a turking Islamic movement
"Support behind the scenes for the attack came from the Islamic Movement of Eastern Turkean based in Central and Western Asia", declared the boss of Chinese security bodies to a Hong Kong TV channel, according to a video online online on a website on a website.
Mg Jianzhu, who is a member of the political office of the Chinese Communist Party (PCC), was speaking in Tashkent during an official visit to Uzbekistan.
This is the first time a Chinese official designates a particular organization after Monday's attack.
According to the Chinese police, three Uyghurs of the same family of the Muslim dominant region of Xinjiang, the border of several countries of Central Asia, precipitated their car with gasoline beds against the entry of the city banned in Beijing, in a suicide attack that killed two deaths and 40 injured.
The car driver, his wife and his mother died in the car fire.
The Etim, which declares to fight for the independence of eastern Turkean, the former name of the Chinese Xinjiang, was classed by the UN in 2002 as one of the affiliated Al-Qaida organisations.
This movement is often appointed by the Chinese authorities as responsible for the sporadic problems in Xinjiang, but its real influence is questioned by several experts.
George Kerevan: The break-up of Europe gives the Scottish choice
Another day, another worrying story of independence.
This time, we'll be warned that an independent Scotland would be required to join the European area of free movement to be able to join the EU.
And now we hear stories of passport control in Berwick and a barbed wire border along the wall of Hadnothing.
If it's true that the Stathclade newspaper has indicated the possible economic fallout of greater freedom of movement with the rest of Europe, it did not appear in the headlines (and it was planned).
No one has said that EU Member States spend a lot of their time circumventing their formal rules when it suits them.
Since Scotland is not part of the Schengen area for the moment, a continuous lack of respect for the rules would be a small concession that Brussels could offer in return for everything it wants to get from Scots.
So it's a story that is not one.
And a story that is so old that it is now fixed: I've heard for the first time the bobard that "independence means the control of passports" more than 40 years ago.
However, we forgot an interesting point in this interpretation of an old dust guy.
Why should an independent Scotland follow the instructions of Europe, actually?
Why exchange the yoke of London against that of Brussels, especially now?
Here is the real news about Europe: the grand postwar plan to unify Europe is definitely at a dead point.
With the euro crisis, the Europe Project is officially dead.
Across Europe, parties that oppose the EU or are fighting for the abandonment of the euro as a common currency are gaining ground.
Even in Germany, the Eurosceptic Alternave party for Germany, founded only this year and arrived by nowhere, brought together almost five million votes in the September federal elections and the Free Democratic Party (the equivalent of our Liberal Democrats) from the Bundestag.
There has always been a national opposition to the project of creating a federal Europe.
However, the current economic crisis marked a turning point.
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank, associated with the straitjacket on national economies through joining the single currency, has led many people to think that the European Project has gone too far.
The euro crisis has little to do with the national governments that have excessive budget deficits - it was only true for Greece.
Instead, the European system has placed its members of the exchange rates favorable to German exporters – which German politicians want to keep.
Without the possibility of devaluing the national currency, the southern European countries end up with an intrinsic productivity problem vis-à-vis Germany.
The only resort is to make cuts in salaries and public spending - encouraged by Berlin.
Beyond the current budgetary and monetary problems, there is a deeper unease related to productivity in Europe.
Following the "green" energy policies imposed by Brussels - which are a reason to subsidize French and German companies in the energy sector at the expense of the consumer - European industry pays twice as much for electricity and four times as much for gas as the United States.
This is a drawback drawback in terms of costs, as we have already seen in Grangemut.
All wage wages in the world will not prevent the European petrochemical industry from being penalized by cheap American shale gas.
As a result, the ground-up revolt, especially in France, one of the leading EU leaders.
After the war, the French political elite considered the EU a way to control Germany and put Paris on an equal footing with Washington.
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport of its political legitimacy and imposed its own economic policy in Europe, leaving the French economy to ruin itself.
Result: Marine Le Pen's far-right party, the National Anti-European Front, has just won a crucial partial election, referring the socialists to power in the third place.
The National Front is now the most popular party in France with 24% of the votes - a timely warning for the British Labour Party to remind him that he cannot assume that a division from the right will automatically encourage the left.
What does Marine Le Pen do with her new popularity with the French white class?
She wants to use the European elections next year to create a single anti-currency and anti-European bloc in the European Parliament.
If anti-European parties are good at these elections, which is very possible, such a block could control the European Parliament for the first time.
That's what I think: very soon, anti-European and anti-currency sentiment in Europe will unite and end up killing the euro.
The EU will not disappear, but it will come back to something that will resemble the "Europe of the Nations (sovereign)" privileged by General de Gaulle.
Germany and some of its satellite economies could keep the euro, but France and southern Europe will find their own currency.
I expect the United Kingdom to distance itself from this project, and I hope it will make a sweet eyes in the United States.
However, Washington's growing interest in the Pacific suggests that Britain will be left to account in the Atlantic.
And Scotland, in all this?
We can decide to be a region of the little England (essentially).
Or we can defend our own economic interests, which includes sending Berlin and Brussels.
I think that Scotland could live with a more free European agreement provided we keep our own currency.
Cooperation with other countries with similar views would be easier in a non-federal Europe.
Otherwise, we should imitate Norway and maintain our economic independence.
The SNP government of Scotland is – and it should be noted – the anti-austerity political movement that has done the best in Europe, since it won a spectacular majority in 2011 based on its opposition to the dark cuts proposed (and implemented) by the Labor of the Labour Party, Alistar Darling, and the conservative / Liberal Democrats that followed.
It would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence if it is to accept the austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels.
Early birthday: Getting earlier.
Studies show that African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls.
The physical changes do not mean that puberté is imminent
Nothing proves that hormones or other chemical substances are responsible
Experts think that the obesity epidemic could be a trigger of early puberté
The trend toward an early puberty is not so pronounced among boys
The former correspondent of CNN Pat Etheridge is a journalist specialized in family and health issues at the child.
Does a mother have to worry if the breasts and packs of her daughter are starting to grow at 7 or 8 years?
At the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatics held this week in Orlando, Florida, Dr Paul Kapleowitz, child endocrinologist, explained that these early physical changes are quite common among young Americans and represent a new standard.
"I spend a lot of time reassuring parents - in general, it doesn't indicate a quick evolution toward full puberty," said Kapleowitz.
The obvious signs of development, such as the bourgeoisation of breasts, the poles under arms and in the childish zone and bodily smells, appear before girls.
But there was only a small step forward in the age of the first rules over the last four decades.
In the United States, the average age is 12 and a half years old, when it was 12 years old in 1970.
"Once the pop has started to develop, you need at least two or three years before the first rules appear", said Kafowitz, also the author of "Edly Puberty in Girls: The Essrenal Guide to Come with This Community Problem".
The time is the most accurate test to know how the puberté will develop.
There is a debate about what constitutes the real appearance of puberty, but it is considered "early" when the development of the pepper is accompanied by sudden growth before the age of 8.
In most cases, development slows down or stops - it's something that a pediatrician can follow closely.
A faster evolution can justify tests carried out by an endocrinologist to remove serious problems like tumors or kysts.
There are treatments to delay the appearance of the first rules and to prevent other consequences: premature ageing of the ones that can stifle growth and a small size of the adult age.
recommendations for medically and hormonal treatment are based on the age of the child, the development rate, the growth rate and emotional maturity.
Psychosocial aspects are also important.
Kafowitz is careful with medication but recognizes that "controlling puberté can reduce certain problems of behavior and the feeling of young girls to be different from others".
The other big problem is understandable: parents simply don't want their very young girls to have their rules.
"They fear the risk of pregnancy or even the way they're going to manage hygiene issues", said Kapleowitz.
"It was a shock," remember a woman whose girl had her first rules at 10 years.
Even if there were signs and we talked about the rules, it was not prepared emotionally.
She came back from the frightened and shocked school to be the first among her friends.
There are many theories made to public knowledge about the causes of the early puberty.
Yet there is no coherent theory according to which hormones in milk or other food, chemical products in the environment or the sexual messages delivered by the media are responsible.
The boys, like girls, reach their puberty earlier.
Kafowitz claims that the most credible hypothesis is that of the obesity epidemic.
He participated in a study carried out on girls aged 6 to 9 years old linking the percentage of fat fat to the outbreak of puberty.
Other discoveries support this conclusion, but there are many other influential factors.
In this country, African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls.
There are various explanations.
On a global scale, the early puberté mechanisms seem to be influenced by everything, economic conditions for climate, passing through the genes.
Another problem: Although the guys have friends on the face and in the younger purian zone, the trend toward a real early puberty is not as pronounced as among girls.
Other doctors participating in the AAP conference insisted on the complexity of the subject.
The appearance of the acé and the fun packs is common, even for infants and small ones.
"We have to be careful about how we identify the real appearance of puberté," said Dr Lawrence Silverman, a child endocrinologist working at the hospital for children Goryeb in Morrison, in the New Jesey.
Parents shouldn't hesitate to ask their paediatrics to know how to speak with their children.
"This may mean having a conversation earlier than planned", explained Kaplowitz.
If you stay calm, your child will react well in general.
The girls whose puberté is early must be reassured that, even when it happens earlier than expected, the process is part of life.
The crazy homemade of brothers Coen. Coen brothers
"Inside Llewyn Dopinion" of brothers Coen, Grand Price of the last FCnes Festival, is a nostalgic and funny movie on the Greenwich village of 1961 and the crazy music that was just starting to resell it, before the arrival of Bob Dylan.
Joel and Ethan Coen, whose filmography has just been the subject of a retrospective to the French Céematic, had flowed the golden Palo in Cannes in 1991 for Barton Fink.
Unless you can hire Dylan or the trio Peter, Paul and Mary, Joel and Ethan Coen have thrown their money on the rising stars of the American cinema, Oscar Isaac, 33 years, but also on the world star pop Just <unk> Tyberlake.
In this movie movie of humor where music is a central character and the interpreted songs live, Oscar Isaac reveals a musician and song accomplished, while Tyberlake, her friend in the film, leaves the pop for crazy music with contagious jubilation.
As for Carey Gullifan, she left the rich apartment from Disy Gullilian in "Gatsby the beautiful" for less relaxed clothes, a soft voice when she sings, but the jury debted to the machine when she speaks.
"Inside Llewyn Davis" tells a week about the tribes of a crazy singer who can't get caught and fuck with the entire land.
He accepts the replacements at foot in the studios.
Without housing, he's tour of the ducks of his friends who still want to receive him.
An air of documentary
"His relationship with success is tortured, that's what interests us: a mixture of bad luck, a guy who isn't there at the right time, who is not a professional but integrated, with self-destructive behavior", said to the press Ethan Coen, crowded with his brother Joel of several Oscars and Cannes.
If Llewyn Dopinion didn't exist, the two crazy music fans built their story on real personalities at the time like the mad musician Dave Von Ronk.
The idea was to show the time leading up to the arrival of Greenwich village, this New York neighborhood called to become "the epicenter of the development of crazy music that would create international stars" as the journalist Elijah Walid, friend of Van Ronk, wrote.
The movie then takes pieces of documentary, the dust music label invaded 33T invented habited habited by an old unpayable secretary, the music choices of the time and the cafés where the singers were producing.
The Mister brothers' magic is still working by including a funny character of character who crosses the movie constantly: a magnificent rox cat in the crack, a makeshift companion of Llewyn Dopinion.
Interroted about the way he compiled his character, the actor and singer Just Tintin Tyberlake reminded us of having "grown up in the Tennessee, swapped by the balls and cousy".
"My first music lessons were given to me by my grandfather who taught me to play the guy", he said.
For Just Tyberlake, if the work is necessary to "be considered as good", "random can also launch someone's career" and "more and more today".
Like Llewyn Dopinion who refuses to compromise on his music, the pop star explains that in a career, "the most important thing is not to let ourselves be stuck by anything that can prevent us from speaking".
Gérard de Villiers, the author of "SAS", is dead.
He will never have known the word retirement.
Phomène of the French edition, Gerard de Villiers, died on Thursday at 83, had just published his 200th SAS, "The Kremlin's Vendance".
In February, the New York Times devoted it as "the spying author of spying who knew too much".
He had just spent 10 days in Afghanistan, the theatre of 198 and 1994 opus of the famous series of spying rods.
Dphysically physically by a very serious heart attack in December 2010, he was moving during this trip with a deambulator.
And before Afghanistan, he was also in Libya, Russia, Lebanon, and Mali.
With four SAS published per year, Gerard de Villiers, born on 8 December 1929 in Paris, made sure to ignore the exact number of books sold since 1965 and the publication of "SAS in Istanbul", the first of the series, almost half a century ago.
"No doubt between 120 and 150 million every country confused", he was making progress last March.
His Burmese cat on the knees, in the living room of his immense apartment of an apartment building. Foh to two not from the Arc de Tri<unk>, the mimic eye under his white hair, he mentioned some of the languages in which the adventures of SAS were translated: Italian, German, Russian, Greek, Japanese or Korean.
"Without counting the pirate editions", he added, designating a pile of books on the low table between the bronzies or the idiots reported by the 130 countries aroused to place his novel.
For the price of a cigarette packet, the reader has the right to the traditional coverage with the photo of a young woman at the favorite pop, wearing a pistoet or an assault gun.
At the interior, his secular altitude (SAS) Prince Malko Lingge, Austrian Aristocrate, disenchanted and contractual agent of the CIA to pay for the reparations of the family house, launches the scams of all the evil of the land, communist in the 70s and 80, then jihadists from the 90s.
Every book, the same recipe: a large dose of geopolitics and exotism, a few sex scenes, a zeste of violence and torture.
"I never had the claim to be a literary author", explained Gérard de Villiers.
I consider myself a conspirator who writes to distract people to whom I don't send a message.
He worked "like the major pre-war reporters, like Albert London, who was going there and came back with real and long surveys".
SAS's father said "do a kind of geopolitical hardware".
"I'm constantly my files (Afghanistan, Syria,...) before leaving", added Gerard de Villiers.
On the spot, I meet journalists, including those of the AFP, diplomats, people of the services I know for some for twenty or thirty years.
As a result, many of its SAS are often prejudicial: so, a month before the attack of a command center of the Syrian regime having killed several senior officials, he had told the story in "Le Chemin of Damascus".
In "The Benghazi Fons", he was the first to reveal the existence of a secret CIA command center in this city, the crap of the Libyan revolt.
In 1980, he was putting the murder of Egyptian President Anwar El-Sadat into play in "The plot of Cairo", a year before the attack.
In October 2012, in "Panic in Bamako", he reported the columns of 4X4 of jihadists based on the Malian capital.
I'm not a guy, defended himself Gérard de Villiers, I'm simply hypotheses from countries that I know well and from time to time some of my hypotheses happen.
After these trips in often troublesome areas, he set up for a month behind his machine to write IBM at Margé dating from 1976 "whose parts have been changed".
300 pages later, he wrote the word "FIN" and corrects every page in stylo.
At the walls of his office are stuck in the AK-47 assault rifles, erotic photos and the author's photos with African warlords.
Résumly singled out for machism by feminist league and for racism by human rights organisations, Gérard de Villiers dismissed these accusations in two sentences.
Some women are sexual objects in my books but others are beautiful, smart and courageous women.
I'm always very welcome in Africa where I count very many readers.
Gérard de Villiers said it: "Malko Long, like all the heroes, don't have an age".
He won't die and won't retire.
Not more than me.
The aviators quarrel about the width of seats while big orders are at stake.
The dispute is raging between the big aviation manufacturers about the width of the seats of the tourist class on long-distance flights, opening the way to a bitter confrontation during the Tabay's aerospace room, which is taking place in month.
The conflict is about the width of seats proposed on long-distance flights to the passengers of the economic class - who are not always the most courted by the airlines, but to which the space allocated is essential to increase efficiency gains in the last aircraft presented by Airbus SAS and Boeing Co.
This week, Airbus called on the aviation industry to put in place a standard imposing a siege size of at least 18 chicken (45.72 cm) in the economic classes, but its big American rival Boeing says that it should be up to the airlines to decide.
The dispute broke while the avioners are trying to sell even bigger versions of their long-running long-run aircraft, hoping maybe a record of orders during the event that will take place from 17 to 21 November.
The way in which seats will be ready at the back of the plane - in particular, there will be 9 or 10 seats head front - is essential for the economic output of the "mini-jummo" segment.
Boeing says that its rearranged "777X" will be able to welcome in economic class 406 people in seats of more than 17 hens of large, and will be configurated with 10 seats per row.
Airbus indicates that the competing version of its A350 will be transport in economic class 350 people in seats of 18 hens of large configurations in line with 9.
The aerospace giants often exchange punches on technical issues by making advertising in the professional press.
Today, Airbus calls directly to the public before the Tabay's aviation room, where 777X should take a step on its competitors with more than 100 orders.
We recently realized what could be the beginning of a new advertising war with the presentation to the financial of a photo showing three people against each other in the restaurant, entitled "Do you accept that?"
"Boeing offers long-distance flights to smaller seats than in the regional turbo-proofs", indicated John Lehay, the commercial director of Airbus.
As eating habits change, people grow, but the seats in aircraft have not changed drastically.
Between the beginning of the 1970's, when the jambo 747 of Boeing defined the modern long-mail trip, and the turn of the century, the weight of the average American of 40 to 49 years ago increased by 10%, according to data from the American department of Health.
The size of the average American in the 21st century is 39.7 chicken, according to US health statistics.
Airbus says that its rival clicks on a concept of siege that dates back to the 1950s, when the newly-called "jet" device was closer.
Airbus adds that she ordered a study that indicates that an additional chicken in the width of seats would improve the quality of the sleep of 53%.
Boeing contests Airbus's figures regarding the width of seats and says that it's not the manufacturers who decide how the airlines balance the price of tickets and equipment.
He also says that the study shows that the cabin experience does not only depend on the width of seats.
"It's really a matter of providing flexibility to the airlines and allowing them to do what they think must be done to carry out their activities", said Kent Cruer, in charge of passenger satisfaction at Boeing.
They don't want us to tell them what will allow them to be profitable.
They know their business better than anyone.
For passengers, it is more about having a certain freedom of movement, but for the providers, it's more and more a question that could affect their results.
Behind the dispute is a race for aircraft orders for an estimated amount of at least $700 at the price of the market in the coming decades, enough to have the balance of American and European exports.
As Reuters said for the first time in July, the configuration of seats is exactly what feeds the battle between the last devices.
Airbus and Boeing both claim to have a return per seat in their latest models of long-distance coat-mail models 20% higher than that of the market leader in this segment, the Boeing 777-300R of 365 seats.
The performance announced by Boeing depends partly on the comparison between the 777X configurated with 10 per row seats and a model 777 of configurated origin in row of 9.
The gain in terms of unit costs is low compared to the configurated device with 10 seats per row currently in service.
"Boeing is doing this to be able to fill more seats and make its planes more competitive compared to our products", said Kevin Keniston, director of Confort Passer at the European Airport. Airbus.
On the other hand, analysts say that the bookkeeping booths with 10 seats per row in the 777 existing suggest that many passengers argue in favor of a more dense configuration, which can go hand in hand with cheaper rates.
"A seat width of 18 chicken would be perfect for passengers, but the reality is that, from a commercial point of view, Airbus's proposal is motivated by the threat of 777." said the domestic expert of cabins Marie Kirby, funeral and editor of Runway Girl Network.
Airbuses and Boeing do not provide seats, but propose a catalogue of suppliers, including the airlines.
Airplane sellers who do the tour of the world even win with them a meter to verify competing configurations.
While selling itself to offer comfortable devices, all manufacturers also offer planes with densely density configurations to low-cost airlines and for regional trips.
Airbus offers an A350 configuration with 10 seats per row but indicates that it has not sold it yet.
Until recently, Airbus emphasized the need for a greater character of the cabins by offering larger seats in the middle side to some of its aircraft.
Without the support of the other big manufacturer of big modern aircraft, the experts say it's unlikely that his call to the aviation industry to put in place a size standard for the seats will lead, but that it could make the sales wave of 777X forget.
The shareholders of Olcle irritated by the salary of Ellreason
A majority of the shareholders in Olcle voted on Thursday against the proposed remuneration for the founder and director General Larry Ellison, given the financial performance of his group.
The vote is not binding but comes to shit out the image of Larry Ellison, the third global fortune just aureoled by the victory of his boat at the American Cup.
The billionaire still holds 25% of the capital of the software group he co-founded 40 years ago.
Last year, Ellison had a negative vote on his remuneration.
The boss has given up on a bonus of 1.2 million dollars for the financial year 2013.
His fixed salary is only a token dollar.
On the whole of the year period out of 2013, the net benefit of Orécle has increased by 3.5% while the bonus stock market of 27.5%, overperformance the S & P 500 index that took 24% at the same time.
The new anti-nicotine vaccine
Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could remove the pleasure of smoking a cigarette.
A single dose of the vaccine was able to protect the mouse from dependence on nicotine.
Other tests are necessary before starting the tests on the human being, but Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell Medical College of New York said that the first signs were encouraging.
"We really hope that this kind of vaccination strategy will help millions of smokers who have tried to stop, exhausting all the methods currently available on the market, but discover that their addiction is strong enough to overcome these different approaches", said Professor Cornell.
The new vaccine contains an harmless virus that has been modified to transmit the genetic information necessary to design anti-nicotine antibodies.
The virus selectively infected the liver cells, which begins to produce a regular flow of antibodies.
Anti-bodies trade all the nicotine molecules present in the blood system and neutralize them before they reach the brain, which prevents the smoker from having his dose of nicotine.
During the tests, the vaccinated mouse to whom we then gave nicotine continued their activity normally.
But mouse mouse who had not been vaccinated "were awesome", said the researchers, a sign that nicotine had reached their brain.
The experiences are described in the Science TransLatin Mediine journal.
Previous vaccines against tobacco turned out to be ineffective because they contained antibodies.
The injections had to be repeated so frequently so that antibodies levels remain high that they were too expensive and poorly practices.
But the cost of the new vaccine should be much lower because it transforms the liver cells into antibodies.
Professor Crystal said that if the future vaccine for human use was completely safe, we could manage it to children before they are tempted to try a cigarette, which would prevent any addiction to nicotine.
But it is more likely to be used by smokers who want to stop smoking.
"They will know that if they start smoking, they will not be happy because of the anti-nicotine vaccine, and this can help them to lose their bad habit", he added.
British scientists have said that the results were interesting but pointed out that much deeper research was necessary.
The Pakistani Taliban leader killed by a drone
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban movement, Hakimullah Mehsouth, was killed in an American drone strike on Friday in Pakistan, was taught to the security services.
The death of Hakimullah Mehsouth has been announced several times already in the past.
But the intelligence officials, the army as well as the activist movement claimed this time that he had lost his life in this strike, conducted in the North Waziritan region.
"We can confirm that Hakimullah Mehsouth was killed in a drone shot", said a senior security officer.
The day before, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, moving to London, informed the British Government that discussions had been launched with the Tehrik e Talban Pakistan (TTP), the Pakistani Taliban movement.
Tripodi denies being influenced by Obeid
The former Labour Minister of New Wales in the South Joe Tripodi will be the subject of an investigation by the state anti-corruption regulator.
Former Minister of New Wales of the South Joe Tripodi denied having changed the trade bowl policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid, who had hidden interests in three goods in the area controlled by the government.
Friday, the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICCAC) has broadened its investigation to find out if Mr. Obeid had pressured several ministers of the State to renew his balls in Circular.
She is now investigating the claims that Mr Tripodi was aware of Mr Obeid's secret interest in these properties, following the testimony of the former deputy secretary of Mr Tripodi, Lynne Ashpole, Thursday.
During the years of discussions started in 2005, the government pressed for the balls to be subject to tenders.
The tenants were against and also wanted longer times.
In 2009, balls about Circular's companies, which related to the Obeid about 2.5 M per year, have been renewed without there being any call for tender.
Mr Tripodi, who was Minister of Ports from February 2006 to November 2009, was initially in favor of invitations to tender.
But he denied having changed his policy at the request of Mr. Obeid, who recognised Mr Tripodi, called for a change in government policy.
The transcript of telephone conversations presented to the ICC showed calls in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid, Mr Tripodi and Steve Dunn, a senior official who arrived at the Ministry of Ports after working under the orders of M Obeid at the Ministry of Pops.
"The subject debated during these telephone conversations was the development of the policy relating to trade." asked the deputy commissioner Anthony Whealy to Mr Tripodi.
"No" replied to Mr Tripodi.
I don't remember what we were talking about but in any case it was not that.
In any case, certainly not between me and Mr. Obeid.
Israeli warplanes targeting Syria
Israeli warplanes reached a target in the Syrian ports city of Latakia Thursday evening, confirms a military officer at Fox News.
The official did not specify what the target was, but said that there was at least one.
Ascipied Presis reports that the target was Russian manufacturing missiles SA-125.
At least twice this year, Israel conducted air strikes against missile cargoes in Syria.
Foreign workers in possession of a 457 visa may have to pass a "authenticity test"
The government is currently studying the possibility of introducing a "authenticity test" for foreign workers in possession of a 457 visa while considering extending the repression measures.
The test, if adopted, would be applied according to a criterion to prevent 457 visas being used to occupy unskilled positions or as a hijacked way to bring their family and friends to Australia.
A working document from the government was unveiled today while the Labour deputy Maxine McKew denounced the government discourse on foreign workers, saying that it could offend Australia's neighbors.
"The fucking statements about" foreigners returning to the end of the queue "and" jobs for the Australians first "are a unpleasant return at the time when the unions were asking for a protected labor market, she said to the Australian Indian Institute today.
Historically, this meant that the work of the whites had to be protected - and I would not be surprised if some countries in the region see it as an echo of this historical artestant.
The working document reports the 12 measures that had previously been considered by the former immigration minister Chris Boen.
The Minister of Immigration Brenan O'Connor, who was in Sri Lanka to meet senior officials to discuss the trafficking of human beings, implemented five of the recommended changes, the others being under investigation.
If the "authenticity" criterion was adopted, a visa seeker could be checked to know "if the job offer is authentic in the case where the candidate is a relationship or a personal associate of the owner or person concerned within the company that sponsors him".
Companies could also be required to declare the number of visa holders 457 after some of them, having intended to sponsor a small number of workers, actually used hundreds.
Meanwhile, an asylum seeker from 35 years old would be dead from a heart attack after arriving on a ship carrying asylum seekers on the island of Christmas this week.
The son of the man, who was 9 years old, went to Australia with him and found some comfort since his father's death on Wednesday with an adult cousin who was also on board.
The man was urgently transferred by the Australian authorities to the hospital of the island Christmas, where he died.
A study to increase the benefits of the HS2 railway project for Scotland was launched by the British government.
The work done by HS2 Litd suggests that high speed services until Scotland and the north of England will start from the opening of the Phase 1 by 2026.
The Minister of Transport bars Krammer said that the project "would bring together the United Kingdom".
Scottish Minister of Transports, Keith Brown said "express" the idea of working with the British government on the project.
Phase 1 will be on a new high-speed railway line between London and the West Midlands.
When the Passe 2 will be completed, the lines will serve Manchester and Leeds.
In June, the government increased the estimated cost of the construction of the high speed link between London and the north of England, going from 32.7 million £to 42.6 £.
The British government, which is in talks with Transsports Scotland, asked HS2 Ltd to study the strengthening of railway capacity and the improvement of the duration of travel for the north of England and Scotland.
This must include the possibility of traveling times between Glasgow and Edinburgh for three hours at the most.
The baronne Kramer said: "Our goal for HS2 is on a truly national network that will bring the United Kingdom and its cities closer."
We push the HS2 project because the benefits it presents are huge.
Without him, we are facing a problem of the ability of our rail network.
But it is also about developing the connectivity between the 18 major British cities, including Glasgow and Edinburgh, so that the links between them are better thanks to HS2.
British Secretary of State for Scotland, Alittair Carmicel, added: "Today's announcement is good news for Scotland."
For the Scottish government, Keith Brown called on Mr Carmicel to support "unequivocally" the inclusion of Scotland in the HS2 network.
Mr Brown said: "The high-speed train has the potential to offer significant economic benefits to Scotland, but it also brings the economic weight of Scotland in the overall project of high-speed rail network throughout Great Britain.
"We're therefore excited about working in partnership with the British Government to look at the options for getting the high-speed train network to Scotland, creating a benefit for all and supplementing the Glasgo-Edinburgh line that the Scottish government is already planning.
"I'm looking forward to reading the review report with British ministers next year and we will then decide together the next steps."
The rules on the use of electronic devices on board are still in force in Australia
Australian air passengers will have to continue to switch their tablets and their smartphones during the takeoff and the landing despite the US gesture to relax the regulation of electronic devices.
The American Federal American Administration has left the door open to American carriers to change their procedures so that passengers can read electronic books, watch videos or play games on their devices during critical flight stages provided they are in "plane" mode.
Passengers can already do it for most of the theft, but many people find it painful not to be able to access their electronic books during takeoff and landing.
Australian transporters are considering the decision that requires American carriers to do important work to meet the requirements, but have indicated that they do not intend to change their procedures immediately.
The Civil Authority Safey Authorial also said that she was looking at the announcement but pointed out that the restrictions on the use of electronic devices during critical flight stages were still in force in Australia.
"The CASA does not have specific regulations governing the use of electronic aircraft by plane", she said.
The question is the subject of a regulation that forces aircraft operators to guarantee permanent security and passengers to respect the safety instructions given by crew members.
Virgin, who has already spoken to the CASA about its intention to expand the use of its entertainment system using the Wi-Fi technology, was open to a change, but said it would follow the regulator.
"We would welcome a review of the CASA that would allow the use of electronic devices because we really think that it would improve the customer experience now that we have (of the entertainment system using the Wi-Fi technology) on our planes.
Qantas said that she respected the current rules for the time being.
"According to our current policy, electronic devices can't be used during take-off and landing, and we do not intend to change this now," she said.
The FAA's decision applies to American airlines.
However, we are always interested in the regulatory developments that could benefit passengers, and we will look closely at the decision of the FAA and the reasons for it.
For American carriers, the impact of the decision will vary from one airline to another and will depend on the age of their fleet.
Airlines will have to demonstrate that their aircraft can tolerate radio interference from electronic devices, as well as review books, training equipment, hand-baggage transportation program and instructions provided to passengers.
"As soon as an air company checked the tolerance of its fleet, it can authorize passengers to use light electronic mobile devices, like tablets, e-books readers and smartphones at all altitudes", said the FAA.
In the rare cases of low visibility, the crew will ask passengers to switch their devices during the landing.
The group also recommended that heavier devices be safe under seats or in higher compartments during takeoff and landing.
Pia: at least four wounded in a violent bars
The little bit of Pia has experienced an unusual excess of fever on Thursday night.
Three Gendarmerie vehicles, two ambulances and a problem with a 30 people according to the testimonies collected...
On this day of Halleween, the evening was agited on the side of Pia where a rig involving several people broke out on the Post's side.
Four wounded wounded at least would be deplorable.
Alternatively, the police went to the place to separate the warring parties and to ensure that the injured are taken on.
Singapore guarantee lords benefit from the middle classes forced to tighten their belts
Choosing a lender at the Bendemer commercial center in Singapore, Janani Amirthalinga deposes a pocelllet, a joke and a bunch of gold ear shops to pay for the school fees of his daughters.
"My husband and I just bought a house so all my money left inside" says Mrs Amirthalinga.
While she earns $3 000 in Singapore ($2,400) per month as an adventurator and her husband also works, monthly family income is not enough, she does.
In fact, the demand is such in parts of Southeast Asia - where household indebtedness increases - that Valumix, where she has carried out her transaction, has become the third loan company to be introduced to the Singapore exchange.
Putting out jewellers is not only a quick way to get liquid money - $1,300 in Singapore in the case of Mrs Amirthalinga - but it is almost as cheap as bank loans unsecured.
In general, the loan providers of Singapore take up an effective annual interest rate of 17%, just above the 15.4% offered by the United Oversea Bank, a local fund provider with a branch branch in the same business center.
However, on the guarantee side has the advantage of not asking for creditworthiness or salary proof, and can release loans faster than banks.
As a result, millions of people across the region turn to the preditors on offer while families feel the pressure to increase the cost of living and the over-indebtedness of households and consumers.
After five years of solid growth since the global financial crisis, and cheap credit fuelled by a monetary policy that is too weak in advanced economies, low-income and average families turn to the preditors on offer to bridge the difference while their economies suffer a slowing.
This week, the credit rating agency Standard & Poora cited the growing indebtedness of households, resulting mainly from the increase in mortgage loans, as a risk factor for the creditworthiness of Asian banks.
She said that Malaysia, Thailand, and Singapore had the highest indebtedness of households / gross domestic product in Asia.
Malaysia comes to the top of the list with 80% of GDP, while this rate was 60% in 2008.
Economists also fear the high level of consumer indebtedness in Thailand, which is out this week from a technical recession.
On Thursday, data showed continuous weakness in exports and a slowing down of consumer demand.
"The balance sheet is that with rising costs, people in the middle or at the bottom of the salary are seeking to complete their income as they can", says Song Seng Wone, an economist at CIMB, an Malaysia bank.
The historically high prices of gold in the last two years have made people rushed to put their personal effects into effect to touch the cash value of their jewelry.
In Singapore, about 70% of the articles made available in the 200 loan shops on the guarantee of cié-state are in gold.
People say, "the price of gold is high, let's make the gold channel of grandmother clear and we will come back to it next month".
In Thailand, the biggest provider of loan loan shops, EasyMoney, recorded a 20% increase in the number of customers using his shops in recent months.
The increase is such in the loan sector on the guarantee that Valumax, the shop operator in Bendemer and 15 other shops like this one in Singapore, plans to expand not only in neighboring Malaysia - where he already has four shops - but also outside of Asia, says Yeah Lee Ching, its general director.
The company will finance them by using 60% of the $66 million in Singapore that she removed this week when he was introduced to the Singapore exchange.
While some reduced lenders have eschewed criticism for the exorbitant interest rates they practice, Miss Yeah indicates that the delivery offers not only lower rates than other lenders, but also that it does not directly increase the debt.
"The clients are selling property they already own, and the fact that their personal property is monetizing does not increase household indebtedness," she says.
The building is better accepted socially as a means of obtaining guaranteed funding in the short term.
People who go to the lunch lunch are not only those who have financial problems.
The aided people of Singapore also go to the Valumax guarantee shops to put in train gold linges or Rolex monsters, which can represent up to 60% of their buying price in cash.
We see clients from all sections of society.
"It may be easy people who need to borrow in the short term for commercial activities or investments, or small companies that have cash needs to pass a difficult course", add Miss Yeah.
Sometimes, they just need money very quickly.
Paster accused of juvenile pornography in New Scotland
A boss who took care of young people, in the Halifax region in New Scotland, is accused of juvenile pornography.
Aaron Hudgins, 30 years old, was arrested on Friday morning following searches at his house and at the office of the National Council of Research where he works.
The Baptist Church of Tyberlay, where the boss official, says it is deeply annoyed by this news.
In a communiqué, the officials of the church indicate that Mr Hudgins has resigned from his post.
The boss was released under conditions.
He does not have to communicate with people under 18 and not access the internet.
He will appear in provincial court, in Halifax, in December.
He makes himself into a Nazi uniform in the supermarket, before being hunted out.
A man dressed in a Nazi uniform of a breward with the gambled cross was asked to leave an English supermarket, customers complained to the management of the establishment that called the police, indicated the store of Friday.
"We received several complaints from clients, so we asked him to leave the store", explained a spokesman for the supermarket chain. Asda.
The magazine called the police to rescue him, but "the time she arrives, he was already left without esshander", she added.
I was at the queue when I saw a woman who seemed shocked.
People were mouted.
"You don't come out in the street unless you want to attract attention", testified a client, Rosina Rusiin, 60 years old in the Cambridge Cambridge newspaper.
This incident happened on Thursday, day of the Hallaween festival, where it is usual to disguise itself as a monster, but it was difficult to know if it was a canular.
A Cambridge man claimed the responsibility of this act on his Twitter account, where he posted pictures of Adolf Hitler.
"I wear a black breward S SS twice a week for three years at Asda", said Paul Dutton, explaining to suffer from "mental problems".
$325 rescue plan for the health system of the Tasmania
The federal government maintains that the $325 M rescue package for the vaunting health system is accompanied by strict conditions to ensure that government government will not waste funds.
The Federal Minister of Health Tanya Pollibersek announced that the Commonwealth is currently taking "emergency measures" to put an end to a crisis caused by the ageing population of the island state, the high rate of chronic disease and the constraints of the system.
The funding, planned for 4 years, was decided after consultations of the government with the independent deputy of Tasmania, Andrew Wilkie.
"The government has proposed an emergency rescue package that, in our opinion, will solve the unique difficulties facing the State," said Mrs Pollibersek today.
The $325 M plan includes a $31 M campaign for non-urgent surgical operations.
2 600 additional operations, especially in the area of orthopaque surgery and cataract, will help to catch up.
Funds are also planned for clinics without an appointment to Hobart and Launceston, better external care, training of medical frameworks, services dedicated to mental health and the deployment of electronic medical files in local hospitals.
"These investments respond to the idea that, according to the first line clinics, this is the best way to treat Tasmania's health system," said Mrs Pollibersek.
The minister said that the government of Tasmania would be faced with a strict regime for preparing reports and reporting.
The State will have to maintain current levels of funding to get money from the Commonwealth and prepare monthly reports on the sectors where it spends the additional funds.
A commission composed of three people will be formed to ensure that the state provides services in the most efficient and efficient way possible.
Today, Mr Wilkie said that the 325 M $will not count for much "unless they are followed by a real reform to strengthen Tasmania's public health system".
Nevertheless, he congratulated the government for responding to the urgent request for assistance he presented to the Prime Minister in early May.
"I hope that the federal assistance plan will contribute greatly to removing the public health system of Tasmania from the blacklist," said Mr. Wilkie.
According to government government, these non-urgent procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts.
But the spokesperson of the opposition opposition Peter Dutton thinks that today's announcement is a "fortune solution".
"The reason why we are here is that the government government of the state has withdrawn 430 M from its health system", he said on ABC TV.
We can't have a government government that takes up almost half a billion dollars and the Commonwealth that puts 300 M $, and pretend it's a good day.
Mr Dutton visited Mrs Pollibersek to ensure that no dollar of the rescue package will be spent in additional bureaucracy.
The adaptation by Guillaume Nicloux of the novel of Denis Diderot boasts a remarkable artistic direction and a thorough recovery of time, but it is also more difficult than it should be.
Coming out in France in the 170s, she tells the dark story of Suzanne, a young aristocrate sent in a cover by her family.
When she's reprimanding, she faces the endless cruelty of a Mother. Sorry deliberately sadic and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another.
The movie never pays in lubricity or sensationalism, and that's the problem.
The conscientiousness of the narrative may also become a pensioner for the public.
Syria destroyed its capacity to produce chemical weapons, says the monitoring body
Syria destroyed essential equipment for the production of chemical weapons and filled ammunition with toxic gas, declared the international chemical monitoring body on Thursday, while violent clashes were raging in the north of the country, close to one of the sites where toxic agents are supposed to be stored.
A group of Syrian militants also said Thursday that more than 120 000 people have been killed since the beginning of the civil war in the country almost 3 years ago.
The announcement of the Organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons (IAC) arrived with one day on the limit date of the period of the period of the of the time of the period of the of the time of the period of the of the time of the of the time of the period of the of the time of the of the time of the period of the of the time of the period of the of the time.
1 November set by the organization based in The Hague ordering Damascus to destroy or "make all production units of chemical weapons and machinery to mix toxic gas and fill ammunition unusable".
The completion of what is essentially the initial destruction phase is an important step in the ambitious calendar to destroy Damascus's chemical weapons by mid-2014.
Thanks to the destruction of equipment, Syria can no longer produce new chemical weapons.
However, Damascus still has to start the destruction of weapons and existing reserves.
We think that the country has about 1 000 tons of chemical products and weapons, especially mustard gas and the sarin neurotoxic agent.
The announcement was made while the fighting was raging on Thursday in the city of Safia. According to the experts, a unit of production of chemical weapons and storage sites has been shelter, reported on the Syrian Human Rights Observatory based in Britain.
The group of activists, following the evolution of the human balance thanks to a network of militants based in Syria, said Thursday that 120 296 people were dead.
Among them, we think there were 61 067 civilians, including 6 365 children.
On the side of the government, it is estimated that 29 954 members of President Bashar al-Assad's armed forces have died, of which 18 678 were fighters of pro-government forces and 187 of Lebanon Hezbollah militants.
Among the deaths, we also consider that 2 202 were deserters and some 5 375 of the opposition fighters, many of whom were foreigners.
On 25 July, the UN estimated that 100 000 people were dead in the conflict since March 2011.
It has not updated this figure since then.
Some 2 million people have had to flee the country because of the conflict.
The al-Assad troops are fighting against the rebels, many of whom are linked to al-Qa'ida groups, in Safia for weeks.
The Observatory said Thursday that there were losses on both sides, but did not give any precision.
The fighting has underlined the importance of the dangers facing the chemical weapons inspectors when they have to complete their mission, which consists of removing Syria from its toxic arsenal in the middle of a civil war that is going on, within tight deadlines.
A declaration of the IAC, which works in close collaboration with the UN, indicated that its team was "now satisfied with having checked - and seen destroyed - all declared critical production and machinery for mixing and filling".
She added that "no other inspection activity was planned for the moment".
Earlier this week, the inspectors said they had completed the first stage of the verification work, visiting 21 of 23 sites declared by Damascus.
They could not visit the last two sites because of concerns about their security, have indicated the inspectors.
Thursday, the OIAC said that the two sites were, according to Syria, "abandoned and... that the elements of the chemical weapons program that they contained had been moved to other declared sites, which were inspected".
It was difficult to know at first sight if Safia's unit was one of the two sites that the OIAC inspectors could not visit.
Syria submitted a plan of total destruction of its chemical weapons that was approved in the following month by the OIAC executive committee.
"I salute the moral strength and courage that you all displayed in the context of the most difficult mission ever taken by this organization", said the director of the organization Ahmet Uzumoncu, in a comment published by the IAC.
Now in his third year, the civil war is mainly opposed to the Sunni Muslim rebels in the al-Assad government and its security forces, which are supported by members of the alayei sect, a branch of Shiite Islam.
On the other hand, the director of the Syrian Human Rights Observatory said that there was a strong boom on Wednesday in an air defence base in the Syrian coastal province of Latakia.
The cause of the explosion is still unknown, he added.
Colère caused by the punishment of one of the Bali bomb posts
The survivors and the relatives of the 202 people killed in the Bali attacks in 2002 reacted with anger to the sentence handed down against the last of the conspirators to be brought to justice, saying that Umar Pateek should be shot by an implementing lunch.
Pateek, who spent almost 10 years in flight by being one of the most sought-after men in Southeast Asia, was sentenced yesterday to a 20-year prison sentence for his role in the manufacture of explosive devices used during the attacks.
He could be released after 15 years under conditional release.
45-year-old man was convicted of mass murder for the attacks aimed at two nightages in the popular tourism neighborhood of Kua, which caused the deaths of 202 people, including 88 Australians, and made many injured.
He has also been convicted of many other charges in relation to terrorism, especially a wave of attacks aimed at churches throughout Indonesia on the eve of Christmas in 2000.
The public prosecutors asked for a life sentence sentence, but they could have asked that the man, referred to as a "Man Man" for his reputation as an expert in the manufacture of bombs, be sentenced to death.
The decision revived painful memories for Ja Corteen, a mother of Perth who lost her two twists from 39 years old, Jane and Jenny, in the destruction perpetrated by Pateek and the other conspirators almost 10 years ago.
On the edge of the tears, she said that Pateek should have been sentenced to death.
I really think he should have followed the same path as other men.
"He should be dragged in front of the implementing peg", said Mrs Corteen to the AAP.
I have to live every day without having other grandchildren, nor see my girls.
The Sari Club was completely destroyed when a huge bomb, charged with a gas gas outside, exploded just after 23 hours on 12 October 2002.
Peter Hughes was in Paddy' 's Bar when a suicide bomber made you jump a handbag with explosives barely 20 seconds earlier.
He sank in the coma after the attack and stayed unconscious for a month, and he's "dead" three times while he was under respiratory assistance.
Mr Hugues said that Pateek should have known the same fate as the other three members of the terrorist cell Jemaah Islamiyah responsible for the carnage - Amrozi, Mukolas and Imam Samudra - who were executed 4 years ago.
In reality, this man should have been sentenced to death before the others.
Keeping him alive, why, there's no reason to keep him alive.
Spending 20 years in prison after killing 202 people and injured hundreds of others, it's not a lot.
Pateek is the last of the Bali bombers to be brought to justice.
He managed to avoid being caught for almost 10 years but was finally arrested in January 2011 in the Pakistani city of Abboutbead, where American forces will kill the former chief of al-Qaeda, Ouousama bin Laden, less than four months later.
During the trial, an agent of the FBI said that reports from intelligence services revealed that Pateek was in Pakistan to meet Bin Laden in order to re-establish links between the terrorist groups in Southeast Asia and al-Qa'ida.
"He didn't go", added Mrs Corteen.
Until recently, he made fun of the grief he could have caused to other people.
The verdict was made on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the attacks that will be celebrated later this year and marked by ceremonies in Bali and in Australia.
"There will be a lot of beers this year," said Mrs Corteen.
However, Pateek can use his sentence.
FAA: air passengers can now use gadgets on board aircraft (but not pass an appeal with their phone phone)
Passengers' passengers will be able to use their electronic front door devices to read, work, play games, watch films and listen to music - but not to talk about their mobile phone - under the new very expected directives published Thursday by the Federal Aviation Administration.
But passengers shouldn't expect immediate changes.
The speed with which the change will be in place will vary from one airline to another, declared the directors of the FAA Michael Huerta at a press conference.
Airlines will have to prove to the FAA that their planes respect the new directives and that they update the training books for crew members and the rules regarding the conspiracy of devices to be in compliance.
The FAA said that it had already received plans from some airlines to expand the use of electronic devices on their planes.
Delta and JetBlue are among the companies that have already submitted plans.
"depending on the plan, we could approve an extended use of electronic devices very soon", indicated the FAA in a declaration.
At present, passengers have to switch their smartphones, tablets and other devices as soon as the doors of the plane are closed.
They aren't supposed to rash them before the plane reaches an altitude of 10 000 feet and the command gives its green light.
Passengers are supposed to extinguish their devices during the plane's descent before the landing and do not rash them until the plane has started.
Under the new directives, the airlines whose aircraft are correctly protected from electronic interference will be able to authorize passengers to use their equipment during take-off, landings and rolling rolling, said the FAA.
Most of the new line planes and other aircraft that have been modified so that passengers can use Wi-Fi to higher altitudes, should meet the criteria.
Long Glading, the president of the Association of Provisional Flight Wait, said himself happy with these changes.
"Once the new policy implemented safely - and we're going to work closely with the carriers for that - it will benefit everyone", explained Glading in a declaration.
We are frankly tired of feeling like "room screers" when it comes to this question.
But it will always be forbidden to connect to the internet for surfing, exchanging email and SMS or downloading data below 10 000 feet, said the agency.
Passengers will have to put their smartphones, tablets and other aircraft aircraft.
So still no Words Witz Friends, the online style game that the actor Alec Baldwin played on his smartphone in 2011 when he was expelled to a high noise of an American Airlines plane after refusing to switch his device while the device was kept at the door.
And heavier devices like laptop computers must always be row because they could injure someone if they were flying through the cabin.
mobile phones on board will also continue to be banned.
The regulatory power regarding mobile phones belongs to the Federal Community Commission and not to the FAA.
The FAA can remove the ban on certain electronic devices during takeoff and the landing
Last month, Mark Rosenker of National Transport Safey Bard, national transport security expert on CBS News, said that mobile phones were always considered a risk.
"mobile phones are really a problem, not only because they could possibly create interference with navigation instruments, but because we know, according to the FCC, that they could disturb the mobile phone relays if they are used on board", said Rosenker.
An industrial advisory committee created by the FAA to examine the problem recommended last month that the government approves a broader use of personal electronic devices.
The pressure on the FAA has increased over recent years to relax restrictions regarding their use.
Critics such as Senator Claire McCaskl, D-Mo.
The restrictions are also increasingly difficult to apply because the use of devices has become ubiquitous.
Some studies indicate that at least one third of passengers forget to switch their devices, or deliberately do it.
The FAA started limiting the use of electronic devices in 1996 following the reports on the presence of interference with navigation and communications instruments when the passengers were carrying out radios FM, high tech gadgets at then.
New online planes depend much more on electric systems than previous generations of aircraft, but they are also designed to resist electronic interference and approved by the FAA.
Airlines allow their passengers to use Wi-Fi to cruise allegiance for several years.
modified planes to welcome Wi-Fi systems also better resist interference.
The vast majority of airplanes should allow the wider use of electronic devices under the new directives, said Huerta.
Today's electronic devices generally emit radio transmission of much lower power than previous generations of devices.
Electronic books, for example, only give minimum transmissions when you turn a page.
But transmissions are stronger when the download devices or send data.
Amazon.com is among those who press for relaxing restrictions regarding the use of electronic devices by passengers.
In 2011, the leaders of society loaded a line plane of e-books. Kindle and made him steal to see if there were problems, but there were none.
This inspired members of the FAA advisory committee with mixed feelings about the question of whether the use of devices presents a risk.
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said that he thought that interference from aircraft was real, even if the risk was minimal.
Other members of the committee said that there are only anecdotal reports from pilots who indicate that devices can interfere with an aircraft's system, and most of them are very old.
However, the committee recommended that the FAA authorizes pilots to ask passengers to switch their equipment during the landings to the instruments in conditions of low visibility.
A group of the traveling industry congratulated itself on the changes, calling them arrangements that are full of common sense for travellers with technologies.
"We are happy that the FAA recognizes that a pleasant passenger experience is not incompatible with security", said Roger Dow, president and director of the U.S. Trvel Association.
A bird bird of a platform in the North Sea
A bird, helbed after being exhausted on an oil platform in the North Sea, was released in nature.
We raised the water rank on board a helicopter in the direction of Aberdeen last month before he was released by the Scottish SPCA in his rescue center in Aloa.
The director of the center, Colin Seddon, said: "This water rank was probably a winter of winter who came from northern Europe and found himself caught in the middle of violent winds in the North Sea."
It seems that the exhausted bird would have found refuge on the oil platform.
He added: "He was unable to steal again, so we were contacted to help him."
The water rank was in good health when it was released.
Is the European elite ready to do business with Great Britain?
The business campaign for Britain was launched in April with the promise to assemble companies and define what the creators of wealth and jobs want to see change in our relationship with the EU.
To this end, we ordered the widest and most complete investigation to British entrepreneurs and asked them what they thought of Britain, companies and the EU.
Youghv asked more than 1 000 business managers, overall representative of all the size of companies, sectors and regions of Britain.
The results of the investigation will be a surprise for many.
We discovered that the vast majority of companies are now looking to export outside Europe, focusing on the countries that modernize and develop while the EU states are stagnating.
They want to see the government give priority to new trade links with countries like China, India and Brazil rather than getting bogged down in the long and hard process of reforming European institutional arcanes.
When they ask their opinion on specific political points - ranging from the regulation of the monopolies to the laws on products - the majority of entrepreneurs think that the control of these key competences should go back to the hands of Westminster.
The single market has caused general discontent, companies saying that the cost of the Brussels regulation is disproportionate compared to the benefits that there is to be part of the European trade zone - 40% of big companies, which are traditionally the most pro-European, agree.
Last but not least, our investigation to business managers revealed that a large majority wanted to see Britain continue the initiatives in favor of a change in the Treaty and the development of a relationship with the EU based on trade and not politics.
This conclusion, which finds itself in all the big groups and companies of all sizes, shows that the business community insists on a "significant change" that gives power to the United Kingdom.
The stakes are high - manage to change the treaty and better represent the interests of Britain would allow a 16% shift in votes in favor of maintaining the country in the EU during a referendum.
The Prime Minister should not doubt for a moment: this investigation shows that British companies support this plan to renegotiate the terms of Britain's accession to the EU.
It also shows that companies hope that the renegotiation will represent a significant change in the current balance of power in favor of a return to the hands of the United Kingdom.
It is possible, and increasingly necessary, to better represent the interests of British companies, since the eurozone is committed to a closer economic and fiscal union.
The priority must be jobs and growth in Great Britain and, as the conclusions of our investigation show, for companies it means putting the accent on trade and a fundamental change in the regulatory approach of Brussels.
The United States to the colors of Hallaween
In the United States, President Obama has not derogated from the tradition of Hallween.
With his wife, last night, he distributed fries to hundreds of children invited in the garden of the White House in Washington.
Last year, Hallween festivities on the coast of the United States were cancelled because of the passage of hurricanes.
This year, the celebrated celebrated people.
In New York, thousands of people in suits participated in the parade organized in the "Greenwich village".
Everyone is overestimated, tell one of the participants, Anna.
Personally, I could finally put the suit I planned last year.
We are fun like crazy, add Rhonda.
People are happy.
It's a good child, it's cool.
We really need that.
Hallaween is a pathetic party celebrated on the eve of the Toussaint, especially in the Anglo-Saxon countries.
Alexi Miller of Gazprom says that Bulgaria's gas pipeline inaugurs a new era of gas
The beginning of the construction of the South Stream gas pipeline in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe's biggest energy projects, declared Gazprom's director.
"An historic event took place today: construction started in the Bulgarian part of the South Stream gas pipeline, the most important project Europe's most important project", explained Alexi Miller, the director of Gazprom, in a declaration on Thursday.
This project is a key element of the energy security of the entire European continent.
South Stream should help to diversify the export routes of Russia to Europe.
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its Ukrainian counterpart, a country where the majority of Russian gas is transported to Europe, increases the level of risk compared to conventional lanes, adds the director.
Miller added that the direct link to Bulgaria, a member of the European Union, means that the geopolitical risks associated with the transit countries are eliminated "forever".
Bulgaria's consumers will be receiving gas from South Stream at a reduced rate as soon as the entire project is put in service in 2015.
Gazprom said that construction should start in other downstream countries by the end of the year.
The gas pipeline was conceived for an annual capacity of 63 billion cubic meters of natural gas.
Pitcainn wants to create the largest marine reserve in the world
The island of Pitcainn wants to create the largest marine reserve in the world, announced on Thursday the New Year of Tahii, taking on an information from Radio Australia.
This island, east of the Gamer's archipelago (French Polynesia), is the last British territory of the South Pacific, half way between New Zealand and Chile.
This territory measure 47 km2, if we count three other small islands.
He has been British since his occupation in 1790 by the mutilation of the Bouty, episode of the history of the English navy, which gives rise to three Hollywood adaptations.
Some dozen inhabitants, in the majority of the descendants of the mutilation of the Bouty, still live Pitcainn, and their income depends 95% of the generosity of London.
The Council of the island voted unanimously in favor of the creation of a marine reserve around the little archipelago, that is, 836,000 km2 that correspond to its exclusive economic zone.
A deputy to the mayor of the island went to London asking Britain to validate this request.
Mike Warren, the mayor of Pitcainn, thinks that the creation of such a protected zone would be a first step towards more financial autonomy for his island.
The project must be accepted by the English Governor of Pitcainn, resident in New Zealand, and by the British Government.
The creation of such a marine reserve would allow the United Kingdom to sanctuze these 836,000 km2, provided, however, that they have the means to monitor it, which is not the case.
There is no Airport in Pitcainn, which makes it impossible to base one or more aircraft dedicated to the surveillance of the zone, and there is no port where to place military surveillance vessels.
As for France, it must already lead the very expensive air and sea surveillance of the five million km2 of the French Polynesia ZEEE, neighbour of Pitcainn.
The FAA relaxed restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on board aircraft - but it will always be forbidden to pass calls on mobile phones.
fighter planes attack a stock of Russian missiles in the port city of Latakia, indicate a responsible person.
It would apparently be the continuation of the Israeli campaign to prevent the spread of weapons in the Middle East.
A federal court court blocking the decision of a judge that the controversial NYPD tactic is discriminatory against minorities.
Almost 100 African migrants hoping to go to Algeria have died of thirst after their two trucks fell in the middle of the Western Sahara.
Experts say that the violence that caused the death of 14 adults and 7 children is nothing but an unfortunate coincidence, not the sign of an escalation of violence in America.
Instead of being destabilized by the cessation of government activities in the United States, investors stayed focused on what is probably the most important: the Federal Reserve.
California is planning to challenge what could be the first quote to appear in its gender, saying that the glasses connected to the internet make shipping easier.
The police say that she has a video pretending to show the Maire Rob Ford smoking the crack.
Even the close allies are hiding things - and look at all angles to discover what has not been said.
The Vatican wants to know how the Catholic particles around the world manage sensitive issues like contraception, divorce and homosexual couples.
Prison for life for a former Chinese deputy governor
A former deputy governor of the province of Jiin in the north-east of China was sentenced on Friday to life prison for corruption.
Except of the Communist Party in July 2012, Tian Xueren was accused of having affected more than 19 million yuans of bribes, reporting the Chinese official media.
Between 1995 and 2001, the Deputy Governor, who was also the president of the Bank of Jiin, a public institution, helped companies and responsible to obtain contracts, loans or promotions in exchange for money or gifts, declared the first intermediary court in Beijing on his microphone.
President Xi Jinping, who took office last March, made the fight against corruption a national priority, believing that the phenomenon was a threat to the very existence of the Communist Party.
If the head of the state promised that justice would also be intractable with the powerful "tigers" that with the "mouches" - subalteration civil servants - only a handful of high-ranking officials were convicted, including former executives of the oil giant Petrocha.
The most spectacular recent case was that of the former CCP chief in Chongqing, Bo Xilai, sentenced to life in September for corruption and abuse of power after targeting the highest positions in the state.
But the government has not shown the intention to reform the anti-corruption system by creating, for example, an independent party organization.
Two YMCA employees accused of sexual assaults following allegations against Jonathan Lord, during a royal Commission audience.
Two YMCA employees from New South Wales were accused of sexual assaults against children following claims made against the Caringbah educator, Jonathan Lord, in 2011, at a royal Commission hearing charged with sexual abuse of children.
But in his opening statement in front of the Commission, the YMA said that he "had never had to deal with a problem of sexual aggression on children within his organization".
The director General Phillip Haere was asked about two affairs: an employee of the YMCA was accused of crimes related to child pornography and a physical education monster of the YMCA Caringbah Hall was convicted of sexual assaults on children in the center where he worked in 1991.
Mr Haere said to Gail Furness, a lawyer to the Commission, that he had known about the first case but he was not aware of the second one.
He also admitted that the YMA opening declaration was inaccurate by stressing, "external controls of the YMA have been made and have indicated that the safety of children is an absolute priority for the organization."
It was shown in front of the Commission that the YMCA was informed that he had received the most poor assessments of four establishments in a quality audit of the Department of Education and Communities completed in August of this year.
Mr Hare, who started working at YMCA at the age of 21, admitted that the management of staff was a failure with the recruitment of Lord and that he omitted to verify that the employees knew they were obliged to report any violations of the child's security policy.
Earlier this year, Lord was convicted for sexual assault on 12 boys during the two years when he worked for YMCA.
He was sentenced to a 6 years sentence in a minimum prison.
But Mr. Haere rejected the idea that YMA would have a cultural problem preventing staff from reporting Lord's failures to the safety of children.
The staff testified that they had observed certain flaws, especially the fact that Lord stayed alone with the children, that he kept them in private, made them sit on his knees, told them that he loved them and lazy them to play with his phone phone.
Danielell Ockwell, who was framed by Lord and who asked for training in the protection of children because she was worried about her behavior, indicated that she found the service responsible of the YMCA Caringbah, Jacque Barnat, who would be subject to Lord "very daunting and difficult to approach most of the time."
The Director-General said he rejected the testimonies of the staff that they were reticent about the idea of reporting these flaws to their superiors.
Instead, he said that the friendly relations they had with Lord have foisted their judgment, which means that they have not reported his actions.
Mr Haere said that he had expressed his point of view in the YMCA advice of New Wales saying that, for the organization, the learned lesson of the "Jonathan Lord" shouldn't have to do with the staff, and the advice agreed with him.
Mr Haere said that the decision to make the staff sign of the confidentiality agreements, soon after the claims were made, was taken by the Managing Director of the YMCA charge for services in the childhood, Liam Whitley.
He said that this decision was intended to avoid any contamination of evidence but that it was an "excess of zèle" and that it had been badly implemented.
The YMCA of New South Wales was not a safe organization for children at the time when Jonathan Lord was an employee, namely between 2009 and 2011, declared the expert on sexual violence on children, Professor Stephen Smallone at the University of Griffith in front of the Commission.
He said that there were "serious problems" in the recruitment, control, initiation, training and supervision of staff.
The audience was postponed until 20 December.
Tony Blair said he would seize the opportunity to become prime minister, but recognize that his return is unlikely.
In an interview last night marking the 5th anniversary of his departure at the end of his term, the 55-year man made his opinion on various national policies known.
Since his departure in June 2007 after a decade at the head of the country, Mr. Blair has largely avoided discussing British politics, limiting his comments to foreign affairs and his role as special envoy of the quartet for the peace process in the Middle East.
When we asked him if he would like to find the position of Prime Minister, Mr Blair would have replied, according to the Eventing Standard of London: "Yes, of course, but it may happen, so..."
When many experts in the quéquée protests met in Cardiff to face up to and win the trophie of the year, they knew that the competition would be rude.
But no one expected to see Fenon Kirres, a three-year-old child.
Not yet at school and only a few months after making his first arms, the toy and his pony Shetland Toffe trotted during the three rounds with a great ease and won the first price, leaving behind the 30 other adult competitors.
The two insecbles - which are the same size - were welcomed for the presentation, attitude and style during the annual competition that took place in the center of the Sunnybank, in Rudroy near Cardiff.
Coming against men and women in elegant meats, he had his casset put a bit on the side in a relaxed way to get his Toffe Toffer of 2 years around the path.
The judge has been greeted by the judges for his uncommon design qualities for a child of his age.
And Toffer received very good notes for his presentation and personality.
Let's give Toffer in a gift for his 3rd birthday last March and have gone since with his landlord Shetland every day.
His mother Dona, 30 years old, said: "Penon and Toffer do an excellent duo."
They presented themselves to and against all of them, but both have shaved the gold cut and the rosette.
It was only the second time he lived with Toffe and we were crazy that he won.
On the path, people who didn't know it thought it was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him.
This young boy, the village of Nantyglglo, near Ebbow Vale, in the south of Wales, follows the traces of his ant Sharon Howls, who has participated in quéquée competition for more than 10 years.
Mrs Howls said: "There was electricity in the air and everyone was encouraging it and applauded it."
He went all the way along the path and even if he seemed to be very small, he did a wonderful job.
Forest is crazy - he love horses, tractors and the rural world and two chickens he takes care of.
From the way he started, he will surely soon participate in the Chemal demonstration of the year - and I'm sure he will make a nice performance.
A spokesperson for the annual questioner said: "Well, only 3 years old but he knows how to drive his apy."
They form a good team.
The judges noticed that Penon and Toffe presented well and the way they marched on the path.
They are looking for effective team work between the pony and the tap - FTon and Toffee have been the best on the path.
I'm sure his beautiful clothes helped Fenton, he really was proud.
A Chinese newspaper that launched an appeal "will be reworked"
A Chinese newspaper that launched a first page call for the release of a journalist accused of defamation will be reworked, says a press officer.
The New Express based in Guangzhou published a rare public call for the release of the journalist Chen Yongzhou.
But Mr Chen later admitted on television that he had accepted bribes to make stories about a semi-public society.
Now, New Express will undergo a "complete reshuffle", said the regulator.
The order of "reshuffle" comes from the Guangdon administration for Presse and Edition, Radio, Film and TV.
A preliminary investigation showed that the New Express, belonging to the Yangcheng group Eventing News, published several erroneous articles on the society quoted Zoomlion between September 2012 and August 2013.
"The writing of New Express was disorganized", said the regulator in a declaration.
He said he decided "to impose an administrative sanction in Chen Yongzhou by withdrawing his press card".
He also "ordered the Yangcheng group Eventing News to undertake a complete overhaul of New Express, and recommended that he conduct an investigation into the people responsible in New Express and immediately redirect the newspaper management team."
Chen wrote several articles for the New Express about alleged financial irregularities of a construction board manufacturer called Zoomlion.
After his arrest, his newspaper twice published a call on the first page for his release, writing that he supported his journalism.
But Chen then appeared on a public television channel where he admitted he published false stories about money.
"In this case, I hurt Zoomlion as well as the media industry and its ability to win public confidence", he said to the public television network CCTV.
I did it mainly because I was running after the money and the celebrity.
I realized my mistake.
Following the excuses of Mr. Chen, New Express published his excuses on the first page, writing that he didn't properly verify his articles.
Several important suspects have recently done TV news.
Scientists say that people are systematically forced to do their adventures, despite a change in the law that was voted earlier in the year banning the authorities from forcing anyone to blame himself.
aircraft carrier Charles-de Gaulle
In Toulon, aircraft carrier is in rainage.
The leaking of radioactive vapour detected on one of the two nuclear heaters of Charles-de Gaulle, in mid-October and while the ship was at sea, was "safe for the seamen", but it's not without consequences for Marine.
Indeed, the Royal has just confirmed to us "the unavailability" of the ship until "in mid-November", "the time to take the necessary corrective measures" on the reactor.
On the other hand, the DNC company, specializing in the defense commute, ensures that its teams and those of Areva, dispatched in the Var for the occasion, "intervene on aircraft carrier."
This is for them, among others, to change a pump on the faulty heat.
"Everything is done to ensure that Charles-de Gaulle can do its deployment planned at the end of 2013", however, DND.
And the National Marine to certify that "it doesn't challenge the ship's activity program" with nuclear propulsion.
Let's remember that aircraft carrier Charles-de Gaulle comes out of an intermediate interview period of six months.
He had equipment from Toulon in mid-October for a training.
This, in particular, to describe young hunting pilots.
A "little grey", shouts at the space containment space, then produced on the amiral ship of the French fleet.
According to the National Marine, the crew had not been exposed to any radioactive contamination.
For more than a year, everywhere, I can see a lot of discontent on the part of the people I meet: monstrous reevaluation of their properties, flood taxes, the cost of permits of all sorts, administrative expenses that will not end.
In short, siphoning without limits to our pockets.
Millions of dollars squrap could be saved to allow a much respectful tax for those who pay.
Any money taken from strength to taxpayers diminishes their freedom of consumption and contributes to their impoverishment.
In Shawinigan, despite the closure of all major companies, we do not boast about the somptuary expenses and the maintenance of lame ducks: the deficit cultural center, high subsidy to the Energy City, etc.
If these installations are not profitable, we sell them to private companies or demoise them.
It is also sad to see the expropriation of several properties to host a major industry that has never come.
However, I give an honourable mention of the transformation of the old Wabasso into a kind of industrial inconvenience, but at what cost for tax payers?
It is not up to public patrols to invest in such companies, but to the private sector based on the consumer's demand.
The citizens were happy to learn that lakes in the Pêche and Pies will continue to supply the city with drinking water.
Following the departure of all industries (big water consumption) and the decline of the population, the use of water has greatly reduced everywhere in the territory.
Without wanting to say waste, the city will never miss water and the strict regulation about its use could be greatly adamant.
In short, it's easy to do big things with the money of others.
I would be ashamed to defend such a review.
With gross debt of more than $200 million, this city is not even able to buy a stylo without going through a loan regulation.
We've been managed for more than 40 years with cracks with beautiful degrees for most of them and I do not think that a sheep farmer will make worse.
Open of a drug tunnel between the United States and Mexico with its own railway line.
One of the most sophisticated tunnels used for drug trafficking between the United States and Mexico, with its own lighting, ventilation and electric rails, was discovered.
The American authorities have described the 4 feet tunnel by 3 as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they had ever seen.
The tunnel, zigzagant on an equal length of about six long-term soccer fields, links warehouses near Tijana, Mexico, San Diego, the United States.
The area is full of invisible warehouses, which makes it easy to hide the trucks responsible for drugs.
The tunnel was closed before the drugs came out by passing unnoticed, said the authorities.
The authorities confiscated 8.5 tons of marijuana and 148 kg of cocaine after the tunnel was discovered, according to the judicial files.
Three men who, according to the authorities, worked as drivers, were accused of having marijuana and cocaine with a sales intention.
They run a prison sentence from 10 years to life punishment if they are convicted.
In Nogales, in Arizona, the traffickers exploit vast underground drainage channels.
The tunnel is the eighth important passage discovered in San Diego since 2006.
Some of the biggest tunnels were discovered following the marijuana harvest in the center of Mexico in October, thereby posing a challenge for drug cartels that must quickly supply their products to consumers.
In 2010, the authorities found a passage of about 700 yards equipped with railway lanes that were from the kitchen of a Tijana house and went to two warehouses in San Diego.
The British police issue an extradition mandate against Assange.
Today, the British police issued an extradition mandate against the founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange, who took refuge in the Équateur Ambassador in London and asked for political asylum.
Scotland Yard said that she had delivered a "surrender opinion" against the Australian of 40 years old, asking her to submit to a police officer, adding that if he did not do it, he would be likely to be arrested.
Assange could be extradited to Sweden as a result of claims of sexual crime, after exhausting every possible avenue under the British law after the Supreme Court invalidated the call he interviewed against his extradition at the beginning of the month.
Calling that Stockholm authorizes its transfer to the United States, he found refuge at the Équateur Ambassador in London on 19 June, asking this country of South America political asylum.
Scotland Yard has "delivered an opinion of surrender against a 40-year-old man who asks him to present himself to a police officer, on the date and time of his choice", said a spokesman.
He continues to violate the conditions of his release under deposit.
The Ambasade refused to comment on the issuing of the opinion by the police.
Assange is afraid to be extradited from Sweden to the United States where he could be accused of spying, after unveiling more than 250 000 American diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks website fighting secret information.
How Biometrics will invade our lives
Final words to be tasked to access his smartphone or pay his purchases?
American, French or Japanese researchers predict a future where we will be recognised by the biometric sensors of phones and computers.
Bernard Didier, the deputy director of Morpho, even thinks that "the century will be biometric".
Only biometrics will help to ensure the identity of a person carrying out transactions in a universe and transnational universe as much as the internet.
Organizations dedicated to the protection of privacy confirm this annoying for biometrics, but worry about it.
In 2011 and France, the National Commission of IT and liberties authorized 774 systems for the recognition of fingerprints, the shape of the hand or the veinous network of hand in companies, administrations, canteens...
"Everyone will soon be able to be identified, anywhere and no matter", complained.
The reasons for such optimism, for some, and pessimism, among others?
Biometrics will be based on new techniques, which will allow new services to be made to citizens and consumers.
Today, in France, the most used biometric data are fingerprints, the hand of hand and the veinous network of the break or fingers.
But each of these techniques has its constraints.
"For example, some people who work the concrete have the fingers very abyss and their fingerprints are illegible", notes Philippe Robin, the technical director of the field of identity at Thales communications & security.
And the collection and verification of the veinous network and the hand of hand require a voluntary and specific gesture from people.
It's at the same time a security - we can't get this data from them - and a disadvantage: the procedure must sometimes be repeated and take time.
Consequence, research has been conducted for twenty years on other approaches, such as recognition of face or iis (the colorful part of the eye).
Thanks to the increase in the precision of sensors and the ability to calculate the computers necessary for data analysis, these techniques become operational.
The precision of facial recognition has multiplied by 10 over the last five years, calculate Cyrile Batemer, the director of R & D laboratories in Accente in Europe.
With our help, the United Kingdom and the Hollande have deployed automatic border posters using facial recognition.
It is now possible to identify a face or an iis on the movement.
"Today, we are carrying out research on the recognition of the voice or the way of walking with sound sensors, but you need a silent environment", says Srdhar Iyengar, director of security research to the Intel Labs.
A unique and infallible market, DNA also gives rise to hope and worries.
"In the current state of knowledge, it can be considered as the ultimate biometric data", confirms Sophie Vulli-Tavoudeny, the director of the studies, innovation and the foresight to the CNIL.
But DNA analysis is still very long and very expensive.
NEC offers the judicial police services a suitcase costing some 90,000 euros to analyze DNA samples in the place of a crime and in an hour.
Biometry uses are divided into two groups: identification (recognize one person among others) and authentication (making sure that the person is the one she claims to be).
The identification has so far concerned the issuing of identity papers: you have to confront the biometric elements (fingerprints, photo, iis) with the information that the State has on all citizens already posted.
This helps to ensure that a person does not try to usurp someone else's identity.
This principle of comparison can have other applications.
NEC offers the recognition of VVP at the entrance of a hotel or a store.
"We recover the pictures of the surveillance cameras and compare them to the photos of the celebrities circulating freely on the internet", explains Dany Nassif, who is responsible, at NEC France, commercial development for biometric identifiers.
Another use is to take a photo a queue that makes the queue in a store, follow his progress thanks to facial recognition and calculate waiting times.
The authentication concerned initially physical access (borders, protected local, canteens...) or logical (opening of a computer).
It's added, more recently, the inspection control.
"A Biometric Post avoids the phenomenon of the girlfriend who is leading for another", justify Cyrile Batemayu, Accente.
But more and more, authentication will also concern transactions, especially those made from devices connected to the internet.
In Japan, it is already possible to take money from some distributors by introducing his card and by putting his hand on a biometric reader: this gesture replaces the strike of the secret code.
A similar technique is tested at Villeneuve-d'Ascq and in Angula by the Natural Security society in partnership with banks and teachers from the big distribution: when paying in store with its bank card, the client does not tap his code, but introduces his finger in a reader who scares vein.
The experiment is planned for last six months.
If it is successful, the biometric readers could soon arrive at the French traders.
Days to reassure users
There are three ways to make biometrics attractive in the eyes of the general public.
The first is to explain that she can save time.
"If, thanks to biometrics, a client is left with 30 seconds less, it's good", explains the director of a large area.
The second is to offer personalized services: in a few years, a voice server will recognize your voice and offer you some options.
And finally, reassure by highlighting the precautions taken to protect databases.
"fingerprints are stored on a first server; people's identities are in a second base: the correlation between the two numbers is crypted and stored in a highly secure box, which gets blocked if you try to move it", lists Philippe Robin, Thales.
But because of thorough studies, it is impossible to know if these speeches really convince users.
Data protection specialists, they continue to worry.
"The progress of face-recognition, the multiplication of surveillance cameras and the huge quantity of photos available on Facebook, Flickr or Piaca, make me fear the worst: widespread surveillance", predicted Andrew Patrick, the privacy commissioner of the private sector in Canada.
A driver running 210 km / h with a hot drink between legs has been meted out a £1,000.
A car driver has been fined £1000 for driving at 210 km / h with a hot drink balanced between his legs.
Andrew Howy, 35 years old, from Tiptree in Essex, was repaired leading her Mercedes Benz on the A120 to Brantree on 27 May.
When the police stopped it, they discovered the drink to take between its legs.
At the Court of First Instance of Chechester, Howy admitted the offence of conduct without the necessary caution and attention.
The seven points taken out of the permit led to a 6 month permit withdrawal.
Howa has also been sentenced to pay fees of £90 and a surcharge for £100.
A tax on foreign property owners to blow up the London bubble
The treasury temporarily quantified the measure of the tax on capital gains but waiting for a definitive decision by Mr Oborne, who, in the 2012 budget, put a 7% stamp of stamp for properties costing more than $2 M and annual costs for buyers who choose to hold property in a company rather than individually.
The right of stamp is already applicable to the residential properties of Westminster and Kenston & Chelsea districts, and represents 708 M.
Mr Cook said: "Following the increase in the right of stamp on the properties of high value and the introduction of the anti-avoidance law in this field, it is very difficult to progress that the properties of high value are undertaxed independently of the effects of the obsolete residential tax system."
"But this change could make foreign investors reticent about the idea of buying properties in London or the current owners who are reluctant to sell", he added.
Rich real estate - the 5 to 10% of the highest prices in the real estate market - in the prosperous sector located in the South West of London that is stretching from Fulham to Wimbldon, increased by a record percentage of 11.8% during last year.
The prices in the center of London have regular growth year in year of 5.6% but have been overshadowed by a growing "internal market", the southwestern city of the city, the north (7.4%) and the east (6.5%) knowing a recovery, according to the studies of Savills.
Scientists have just highlighted the way in which the movements of a dog's queue are linked to his mood.
previous studies had revealed that happy dogs were more likely to win their queue to the right (from the dog's point of view), while the nervous dogs were waging it more toward the left.
But now scientists say that dogs can detect these subtle differences and answer them.
Professor Georgio Vallortigara, a neuroscience at the University of Trente, said: "Everyone knows that at home, the left side and the right side of the brain are involved differently in the stimuli that awaken positive or negative emotions."
Here, we tried to see what happened to other species.
He added that as well as at home, among dogs, the right side of the brain was responsible for the movement toward the left and vice versa, and that the two hosts played a different role in emotions.
To know more about how dogs react to the disordered queue movements of other dogs, researchers have followed animals watching films where other dogs were included.
They measure the heart frequency of animals and analyze their behavior.
It will surely not be long before we understand why their queue is sometimes on one side and sometimes on the other.
Professor Vallortigara explained: "We presented movie dogs where other dogs were located - either a naturalist version or a sipple to avoid any other cause of confusion - and we were able to traffic the queue movement and presented it as more to the left or the right."
When the animals saw a dog without saying the queue to the right (from the point of view of the dog who washed the queue), they remained perfectly relaxed.
But when they looked at a queue for a queue mainly toward the left (again from the point of view of the dog who got the queue), their heart frequency has accelerated and they looked anxious.
Professor Vallortigara said he did not think that dogs were deliberately communicate with them thanks to these movements.
He thinks rather that dogs know from experience the movements they should or should not worry about.
He added: "If you meet several times with other dogs and if you notice that, most of the time, the movement of their queue on the one hand is associated with a more friendly attitude and that the right side leads to a less friendly attitude, you will react according to this experience."
Researchers indicate that the results could allow landlords, veterinarians and drunk to better understand the emotions of their animals.
The canin behaviors expert John Bradshaw, a professor invited to the School Sciences of the Brisveterinary Sciences of the University of Bristol, said that it was not the first study to examine the importance of the left and the right at the cane species.
Last year, a team of the University of Linccin discovered that dogs turned their head toward the left when they watched an aggressive dog and the right when it was a happy dog.
And in another scientific study carried out by Victoria University in Canada, he said: "The dogs go more easily to a robot dog when his queue wins toward the left rather than the right, instead of becoming anxious - the opposite of what is in the Italian study."
He said that the differences could come from the fact that dogs who participated in the various studies didn't fully consider the animals of films or robot dogs like dogs.
A study on how dogs react to real dogs could be useful, he explained.
"Although many elements, raised in different mammals, indicate that both sides of the brain are used for different purposes, many details still need to be specified - and dogs are no exception", he said.
However, given the ease with which their behavior can be registered, it will surely not be long before we understand why their queue sometimes moves on one side and sometimes on the other.
Artic Monkeys returns a concert in Glasgow because of Alex Turner's disease
The group of rock Aractic Monkeys has moved a concert to Glasgow after we diagnosed a laryngitis to his singer.
The Sheffifeld group had to take place on Friday in the concert room The Hydroo in the city center.
However, his laryngitis forced the singer Alex Turner to reprogram the show.
The announcement was made after the group was forced to postpone a concert to the LG Area of Birmingham Thursday.
In a declaration on their official website, the Artic Monkeys said: "Following the decision to postpone the concert to the LG Area of Birmingham tonight and after asking for a medical opinion, the Artic Monkeys also has to postpone the show to the Hydroo de Glasgow on Friday 1 November."
"Alex Turner is suffering from a laryngitis and regrets not being able to happen in concert."
The show at the LG Area of Birmingham will take place on 20 November and the Hydroo of Glasgow will be held on 21 November.
All the tickets remain valid for these concerts.
We would like to apologize to all the ticket owners for all discomfort.
Thank you for contacting the customer service to the ticket where you bought your tickets for any additional assistance.
The Pope François will name his first Cardinal in February
The Pope François will appoint new Cardinal of the Catholic Church for the first time on February 22, announced the Vatican Thursday.
Cardinal men are the highest church men in the Catholic Church behind the Pope, and those who elect it, so François will appoint his first group of men who will eventually choose his successor.
There are currently 201 cardinals.
However, as soon as a Cardinal reaches the age of 80, he can no longer participate in the election of a Pope - so it comes back to a group of 120 "voters voters".
In a declaration announcing the news, the father Faderico Lombardi, a spokesperson of the Vatican, said that a meeting with all the existing Cardinges would take place before the ceremony during which bishops will be raised with the dignity of Cardinal, known as the name of consent.
"The Pope François decided to communicate his decision to convene the February conspiracy in advance to facilitate the planning of other meetings requiring the participation of Cardinal in different parts of the world", said Lombardi.
Jack Valero of the Catholics said that by February, the number of voters will probably decrease.
He said that a Pope usually called as many Cardinal as he needed to be so that the number of voters in the electorate could reach 120 and as many cardinals aged over 80 years old he wanted.
The consisir of next year will be important because it will be the first since the election of the Pope François in March of this year, said Valero.
For the moment, there is a kind of tendency to favour Europe and especially Italy.
"It will be interesting to see if the new Pope will call cardinals from the rest of the world to restore the balance", he added.
40% of Roman Catholics live in South America, but a small number of cardinals represent them.
Cardinal will also be the first to be chosen since François formed the Cardinal advice, a group of eight Cardinges from all over the world to look at ways to reform the church.
Previously, the Pope decided alone.
"From now on, François chose these eight cardinals to help him", explained Valert.
He added that he was "perfectly possible" that François asks the Cardinal.
But we never experienced such a situation - it is completely new.
Valero pointed out that the paves generally raised bishops representing large communities in the class of Cardinal, but François was "full of surprises - so we don't know who he will name".
GM reminds some of its new pickolps in the United States
General Motors Co reminds about 19 000 of his newest Chevrolet Silverado and GMC in 2012014 to solve a problem with the files that are already in hand, according to a declaration on Friday of the American body responsible for regulating vehicle safety.
On some pickolps, the seats before could present a default with regard to the inclination mechanism.
As a result, the files do not respect the federal safety standards of vehicles regarding the e-heads.
"If the vehicle is reduced by the back, it may be that the e-head does not properly protect the passengers, thereby increasing the risk of injuries", according to the declaration displayed on the site of the National Highway Trash Safy Administration (NHTSA).
The models mentioned were built between 1 August and 10 September.
The deployment of GM pitfalls started in June and represents the launch of the most important vehicles for the first American car manufacturer since its bankruptcy and its restructuring in 2009.
GM informed the default owners of the default in the first half of October.
The NHTSA could not look at the letter of information to the landlords because of the 16 days stop of government activities, which slowed up the growth of vehicle sales in October.
The sales of Silverado and Sierra, which were redrawn for the 2014 model, increased by about 20% during the first 10 months of the year, said GM Friday.
In October, GM sold 42 660 pickolps Silverado and 16 503 pickolps Sierra.
GM shares have increased from 1.4% to $37.47 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon.
A worker dies in concrete blocks.
A construction worker is dead buried under dozens of concrete blocks, Thursday the day before noon in Montreal.
The drama occurred at 11: 00, on the Marquette street, near the intersection of the Beauwell street, in the Rosemont-La Lesser Patrie districts.
In all probability, work on the foundations was taking place there for some time.
A brick wall of foundation foundation had just been built in the last few days.
The accident occurred when the victim came to the site to recover her tools.
I went to car and saw the wall collapsing with a big smoke nub, said Sylvain Jean, who remains close to the site.
I'm unlocked and I went to remove the big bricks that recovered.
We only saw a portion of his back, that's so unfortunate.
According to the authorities, the victim is an old man in the fifty-fifty who worked for a business of coffer.
Reanimation maneuvers were tried by emergency services, but without success.
The man did not survive his serious injuries.
An inspector of the Committee on Health and Security of Work was sent to the place to investigate the circumstances surrounding this drama.
Obama voter of despair
I voted twice for President Obama.
He says that Obama made praiseworthy efforts because of the obstructionism of the Republican Party.
obstructionism does not excuse the difficulties of the Obamacare site, nor the drone attacks.
The memory of Obama's 2008 campaign
Nathiel P. Morris is a student in the 2nd year of medicine at Harvard's Faculity.
I'm in the process of reading a very sad book these days.
It's a book that I thought would encourage me during the permissiveness of the second year of medicine and give me hope.
He is called "The Auditty to Win" and these are the memirs of Barack Obama's presidential campaign in 2008.
When I ended the medical records of my patients in the evening and that I am laughing, this book brings me back to the time when policies were inspired by millions of people and where speeches could cut you off.
The election ended with an overwhelming victory and the presentations of news newspapers took time to think about the historical nature of the moment.
My comrades cry joy and my parents kept all the newspapers they found.
A young visionary team was moving towards the White House and the nation was ready for change.
During Obama's transition period before taking office in 2008, he had 82% favorable opinions.
And then I close the book.
Returning to the present is a difficult alarm, it's like coming out of a dream.
It's hard to remember these days full of optimism, they are like far memories, a sad reminder of the opportunities of the past.
The change really happened in the years that followed the first time I voted.
It had nothing to do with what I imagined.
I put Obama's credit on great achievements, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act (affordable care law) until the departure of Iraq from our army, passing through the end of "neither seen nor known" and the murder of Ouama Bin Laden.
Also, I think that partisan obstructionism has destroyed too many efforts to advance our nation in the field of immigration reforms, public health care and the closure of Guantánamo, among other things.
But having repeatedly defended Obama's administration against my peers and my colleagues, I can't give explanations anymore.
I'm on the verge of political despair.
republican obstruction can't explain the outcry of foreign leaders, nor the attacks of innocent foreign children by drones.
She cannot explain that the National Security Agency collecting data on the privacy of the Americans, nor the indictment of whistleblowers who reveal the misdeeds of the government.
She can't justify the murder of Anwar al-Awlaki, an American citizen, without trial, nor the evasion of public funding and the excess of the expenses allowed during the presidential elections.
She cannot justify the conclusions of a report that says that the efforts of the White House to reduce the media silence are the "most aggressive... since the administration of Nixon".
And, more recently, she can't excuse the impossibility of designing a simple website for more than three years after the law on the Affordable Care Act has been ratified.
I don't know if that's what I expected.
If, at 18 years old, I was supposed to understand that governance could contradict the political campaigns that precede it.
Obviously, the electoral function is not predictable, because the opposition political party and events that happen by chance, like the massacre in Newton, influence our public conversation.
However, all the examples I listed above seem to be largely the choice of the administration.
That's what annoys me most.
I voted for Obama again in 2012, but not because I was excited by his candidature.
Mitt Romney presented a confused and unrefined alternative that didn't seem to allow to determine his policies or positions.
I felt that Obama, elected for a second term by being free from the pressure of future elections, would get the promises he was hearing about for so long.
Yet while the favorable opinion index plunged under 45% this week, it's even more difficult to return to 2008 through this book.
I don't care about the many promises that went on.
This week, I read the part of the book that describes how Obama has suffered huge losses in favor of Clinton at the Priurmayies of Pennsylvania.
At a post-campaign meeting, he told his team that they had to get back on the right path and remain loyal to their cause.
"I want us to focus on our talent", he said.
We must remember who we are.
We've been here 5 years later, Mr President, and I don't agree with you anymore.
The views expressed in this comment are only those of Nathiel Morris.
On Friday, at 3: 00, a violent collision between a motorcycle and a car occurred street from Retinne to Fléon.
The moon, Jonathan, 26 years, from Fléon, did not have a casque.
Despite the quick emergency intervention, he died during this frontal collision.
Clive Palmer claims that the deputy Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest about the system of parental leave.
The billionaire deputy Clive Palmer argues that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest about the parental leave system because his girls could be pregnant and enjoy this system.
The store of mining extraction, which contests the payment of a carbon tax of an amount of 6 M $. made this argument to try and remove questions about a possible conflict.
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate, which could be crucial when deciding if carbon and mining taxes should be deleted.
But Mr Palmer claimed that only ministers could have a conflict of interest and pointed out that the girls of Mr. Abbott were ready to benefit personally from these policies.
"It will have an important conflict of interest when it comes to paying parental leave because if one of his daughters is pregnant, it will have a direct interest in whether or not she gets a leave", said Mr. Palmer.
Two months after his election, the electoral commission officially stated that Mr. Palmer won the siege of Sunshine Coast of Failfax by 53 votes, after recounting.
Mr Palmer put forward the idea of reworking the ballots system to speed up the process.
The girls of Tony Abbott, Frannes and Bridglet.
Should this election be decided two months after the vote is finished?
"We need a better system", he said.
Why could we not have a system in which you can enter, seize your coordination in a computer, vote immediately and have the result at 6: 30 the next morning?
Mr Palmer also criticized the use of paper cracks to score the ballot papers.
Is it to be able to erase the result if someone does not agree?
Today, having a paper paper seems extraordinary.
The electoral commission has studied possible options regarding the electronic vote and recently published a joint reflection document with New Zealand.
Mr Palmer, 59 years, said that his political project included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and that he would take his new functions "very seriously".
The exercise of public functions is a question of public service.
"We're not looking for rewards, except the rewards of history because we must serve the community at a critical time", he added.
A team of biologists led by the Wildlife conservations Society in New York has identified a new species of dauphin to work off the northern coast of Australia.
Thoubaut Blououx, responsible for the scientific mission to the Observatory for the Conservation and Disitude of Anieves and Milocations Marins (OCESMM) comes back to L'Express on this discovery and explains the long process of identifying new species.
Does the discovery of this new species of dolphin to work surprise you?
It's good news, but it doesn't surprise me especially.
If in the past, species have been described and identified on morphological, anatomic and geographical basis, today, the development of new tools such as genetics allow us to improve our knowledge in science about the classification of species.
It's also not impossible for these advances in genetics and molecular biology to challenge the classification or belonging of a species to a gender, a family, or even an order.
At the beginning of the 19th century, morphologists classified animals, based on the morphological differences between species.
Today, some of these rankings are called into question because of the progress of genetics.
Similarly, two species very close to morphologically have been distinguished thanks to genetics.
This is the case of the new species that has just been identified.
A dozen years ago, the scientific community recognized two species belonging to this sub-family: the Pacific dwellers and the whales to work in the Atlantic.
The recent analysis helped to distinguish four species.
Why is it an important discovery, as the Wildlife conservations Society said?
From a conservation point of view, it is essential to know these genetic differences to protect the species and therefore its genetic variability.
If this population was already known for a long time by researchers, they didn't know that it was part of a new species, present only in this place.
So, if a massive death problem caused by a viral epidemic or accidental catch arises in the region, we could have a case for the extinction of a species, rather than a local disappearance of a population of a species that is more widespread on Earth.
This loss of genetic heritage would be much more problematic.
A species is considered threatened or endangered according to the number of people existing on Earth, that is, the stock, and the possibility that it will recover from its neighbors.
As for the species Sousa insensitive, whose population of the new species discovered is out, its stock has automatically become lower, making it more vulnerable.
Why is it rare to discover new species of marine mammals?
Marine mammals are located at the top of the food chain.
They live in homogenous housing, open, in which there is a lot of genetic exchanges between people and individuals.
This gene-brewing limits the creation of new species.
Conversely, more closed ecosystems encourage genetic isolation, which can eventually create new species.
We have to know that the marine environment is the least well known environment.
We prefer to send robots on Mars, rather than knowing what's living in the sose of Marannes, only 11 km from the surface of the sea.
We spend more money in looking for life on other planets than in marine research and it's high time that changes.
RBS suspended two traders on the exchange market
Royal Bank of Scotland suspended two traders from its division of exchange markets based on two sources close to the file, which shows once again that the global investigation of the regulators on suspicion of currency manipulation is starting to bear fruit.
Some of the biggest banks in the world, especially UBS, Barclays, Deutsche Bank and RBS, have confirmed that they're cooperating with the regulators in the context of the surveys on the most important financial market in the world, where $5.3 trillions of dollars are changing each day.
The two traders are the first employees of RBS to be suspended in the context of the enlargement of the investigation that echoes the scandal of manipulation of the Libor interbank rate.
The bank, which refused to comment on suspensions, confirmed this month having received requests for information from the regulators.
"The ongoing investigation on this affair is continuing and we're cooperating fully with the FCA and other regulators", said a representative of the bank two weeks ago.
Last month, sources close to the file said that RBS had transmitted issues of email and instant messages, sent to and by a former trader, the British regulator, the Financial Condut Authority.
This trader, Richard Usher, left RBS in 2010 and would have been suspended from his position as the European official trading officer for the currencies at JPMorganan.
Rohan Ramchandani, a European official of the exchange swimming at Couti, was put on leave this week, while Matt Gardiner, a personal device of currency at Barclays and UBS, was suspended by Standard Chartered this week.
None of these traders have been accused.
Mr. Usher's file included instant messages sent to and by bankers working at Barclays and Citigroup, added sources close to the file.
UBS explained this week that she had taken action against some of her employees after the Swiss regulator, Finma, said he was investigating suspicions of the exchange market manipulation in a number of Swiss banks.
In the world, at least six authorities - the European Commission, Finma, Swiss competition authority Weko, the FA, the US Department of Justice and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority - look at the claims made about bankers who would have heard to manipulate rates on the exchange market.
HSBC, Citigroup, JPMorganan and Crédit Switzerland have also launched internal investigation or received requests from the regulators, have indicated sources close to the file.
The banks are throwing the instant messages and the emails sent for years to find cases of reprehensible acts.
The news about these surveys has shaken traders in a sector that has been one of the biggest growth drivers of investment banks' trapping units in recent years, but which has been called into question this year due to low currency volatility that limits the opportunities for speculators.
Some bankers tried to downplay the case by saying that it is almost impossible to manipulate the vast liquid exchange market highly liquid, but senior traders explain that it's not necessarily true.
A senior trick said that despite the high volume of daily exchange transactions, the fragmentation of liquidity between trading platforms and the increasingly frequent use by banks of their own internal platforms "explains that it is possible to start having an impact on the market with a low cost.
The news arrived on the same day that the Crédit Switzerland announced having sent a trader working in its fund office negotiated the London stock market this week after it caused a loss of $6 M at the end of last year.
The bank quickly informed the competent authorities and worked with the regulators.
"We are convinced that the trick has acted alone and that the case has been mastered", indicated a representative of the Crédit Switzerland.
The investigation on the mayor Rob Ford was botched, supports a lawyer
After the police confirmed having put their hands on a copy of the video that would show Rob Ford smoking out of the crack, Me Clayton Ruby supported it never seen such a botched investigation.
Me Ruby said believe in La Presse Canadian that the police had "ignored or minimized" the evidence of proof against the mayor.
This Thursday, the police stopped the occasional friend and driver of Rob Ford, Alexander Lisi, 35 years old, and accused him of extortion relative to the video.
Alexander Lisi, formerly accused of drug trafficking, was in frequent contact with the mayor.
The police said that they also observed this man who delivers cools to Rob Ford, indicate new court documents.
Me Ruby called "inexplicable" the fact that the police never searched the vehicle of Rob Ford or his house, or put on listen to his phone, arguing that the police chief Bill Blair chose in knowledge of the cause not to act against the mayor.
Under the law, the police, having been witness to suspect transactions in clean hands, could very well have intercepted the vehicle of Rob Ford, stopped the mayor, and carry out a search - even without a mandate.
She could also have requested an instant search mandate, if deemed necessary.
The police chief hasn't commented, but his spokesman Mark Puwaste qualified the words of Me Ruby as "obvious and desperate attempt" to assert himself with the media in a case that doesn't matter in any way.
In the press conference, Thursday, Mr Blair said that there was nothing in this video that could be "reasonable motives" that could lead to a criminal charge against the mayor.
European stock markets are falling in the middle of the session, except London
With the exception of London, the main European stock markets are declining on Friday in the middle of the session, plagued by some news of disappointing companies, while Wall-Street is expected to increase.
On the other hand, investors remain cautious because they think that the US Federal Reserve could unlock its policy of quantitative easing earlier than expected.
Conversely, after the announcement of inflation at 0.7% for the entire eurozone, the idea is repeated among market players that the European Central Bank (ECB) could relax its monetary policy.
Wall Street's future suggests an increase in US actions on the increase, after two conspiracy sessions.
To the values, Renault (-4.63%) recorded the highest rebellion of CAC 40, coupled with the warning on the result of its partner Nissan Motor Friday.
Royal Bank of Scotland (-6.26%) marks the worst performance of EuroFirstar300, after having also published declining results this morning and announced the internal creation of a device structure ("bad bank") involving 38 billion of the most risky assets.
For its part, Voodafe (+ 2.45%) keeps up in the head of the EuroFirstar300 increases in reaction to press news that AT & T studies a possible takeover bid.
On the exchange market, speculations about the evolution of the monetary policy of the ECB are going well, as John Hardy testifies, stressed at Saxo Bank.
The ECB's unique mandate has always focused on inflation, so Mario Draghi and his team have more reasons to act at next week's meeting.
We anticipate a strong potential for a reduction in the euro.
In this context, the euro is continuing its rebelling against the American currency and has reached a lower of two weeks at 1.3517 dollar.
The same conjecture, on the other hand, supports the eurozone bond market.
The Supreme Court validates the reform law of Obama's health system
A big victory for the Obama administration: the American Supreme Court said today that Obama's reforming the health system was constitutional.
By 5 votes against 4, the judges validated the individual mandate of the Patient Protect and Affordable Care Act (law on the protection of sick people and affordable care) - which requires citizens to subscribe to health insurance by 2014, otherwise you have to pay a penalty - and have said it's constitutional under the government's power of tax.
The president of the Supreme Court, John Roberts, rallied back to the four most liberal members of the Court, while the judges Sclia, Thomas, Alito and Kennedy expressed their disagreement.
The Court also validated other sections of the law of 2 700 pages and, moreover, considered that the provision of the reform law of the health system, which states that we have to lower the threshold of eligibility to Médicaid. Otherwise, it's coercive according to the constitution to lose all federal funding of the program.
The procedure to block the law has been committed by 26 states and the National Federal Federation of Independence.
All the major republican candidates in the presidential election in the course of the primaries in 2012, including the candidate nominated Mitt Romney, were fiercely opposed to the law.
Thanks to the former combatants in Mendon.
At the heart of the cemeterard of the Troubuquet, civil, religious and military authorities, as well as many patriotic associations, this Friday afternoon, a tribute to the soldiers and deceased from all the wars was paid.
There have been gerbes in two of the three military square soldiers of the cemetery by the mayor Jean-Claude Guibal and various personalities.
Acceptance between Palestinians and Israelis at the border of Gaza
Four Hamas fighters were killed and five Israeli soldiers wounded on Thursday 31 October 2013 at night during a violent cup at the border between Gaza and Israel, the most serious incident in Palestinian territory for a year.
The only power plant in the Gaza strip stopped working on Friday, 1 November after exhausting its fuel reserves, announced the Palestinian enclave Authority.
A local commanderant of the Azzedin Albassam Brigade, Khaled Abou Bakr, and another framework of the armed arm of the Hamas, Radeh Barikeh, were killed by a shitty shit in an Israeli army incursion to the east of Khan Younès, in the south of the Gaza Strip, according to local medical sources.
Two other local leaders of the Al-Qassam Brigades, Mohammed al-Qassas and Mohammed Daoud, died when an Israeli helicopter opened fire in the same region.
Their bodies were discovered later.
According to Palestinian security sources, the four fighters were leading a monitoring operation in the border area between the Palestinian enclave and Israel.
An attack on a tunnel deeper by the Palestinians
According to the same sources and witnesses, an Israeli car and a bulldozer bullshit have made an incalsion of a hundred meters inside the territory before then withdrawing.
The confrontation lasted half an hour, according to witnesses.
In a communication, a spokesperson for Hamas, Sami Abu Zouhri, paid tribute to the four "hero" and said that Israeli soldiers had died during the confrontation.
Hamas congratulates the heroes of Al-Qassam who fell by defending the territory during an inception of the Zionist occupant in Kan Younès.
Several enemies were killed and injured during the operation.
"Hamas ensures that Gaza will be a hell for the occupier", threatened the spokesperson.
For its part, the Israeli army indicated that the target of its operation was at the beginning a section of a wide tunnel in Israeli territory since the Palestinian enclave, discovered on 7 October and destined, according to the army, to "terrorist activities."
Hamas claimed the use of tunnels to fight against Israel, specifying that the goal was to remove Israeli soldiers to exchange them against Palestinian prisoners.
The operation was aimed at preventing future terrorist attacks using this tunnel, explained an Israeli military release.
During the operation, Hamas triggered an explosive enslap aimed at the forces of Tashaal (the Israeli army) and injured 5 soldiers.
Israeli Attacks in the north of Syria
"This mission was imperative because of the risk of using the terrorist tunnel for attacks against Israeli civilians", also indicated the spokesman of the army Peter Lerner.
On the other hand, Israel has struck an air military base in the north-west of Syria, aiming for a series of missiles for the Lebanon Shiite movement. Hi, reported on Thursday 31 October the Al-Arabiya satellite channel.
An American official confirmed an "Israeli strike" but did not give details about the target.
"In the past, the targets were transferred missiles to Hezbollah", was happy to add.
Israeli government officials refused to confirm any information about such an attack.
Except "exclusive sources" that she hasn't named, the Saudi capital channel indicated that "the bombing was targeted at a series of sol-air missiles that was destined for Hezbollah in Lebanon", referring to the powerful Shiite movement Lebanon fighting the rebels alongside the Syrian forces.
Earlier, a Syrian NGO, the Syrian Human Rights Observatory, reported several explosions heard on the dawn Wednesday in an air defense base at Sonar Jablé, near Lattacked, on the coast of Syria.
This organization relying on a network of militants and medical sources was not able to identify the origin of the explosions.
Return in black and white for Marie Chouinard, who presents to Danse Danse its two new group chargerapes: the first inspired of Henri Miches's encendants and poems, the second instilled by the famous soano Gymnedia's soap solos.
A party that allows to see all the prism of Chouinard, art with the whites and black ink in white.
A white screen serves as a basic wall.
On the carpet, which is also white, in the immense space that Theatrière is in, advance, profile, end like a line and clothes in black, a body.
On the screen, an ink of Henri Micheau is planned.
The body, simple, takes its shape.
And this form will be that of the whole coin: a bunch of physical imitation of drawings.
The dansers, completely clothes of black, only their hands and the undiscovered face, wait on each side of the game game, rush when the next graph appears, incarnate, come out in the current.
This black and white game by Henri Micheau is taking place in the relay of solos, in united group (a mass that is solo), in a large group of 12 solos where everyone carries out his sign.
We're thinking of "Glair in the morning" where, in solo, Chouinard was carrying out a series of written choretry tasks on cartels, online in the front stage.
It's the same principle, the giant Power Point version.
Here, music is strong, percured and electrical.
Energy is high, the pace always fast.
There will be a break when Carol Prior will take refuge under the dance carpet, to hand over, microphone in hand, without sobriety or moderation, a portion of the poem of Michelle, Moncorde and monotone in the screw, and will continue by dancing.
And the music to leave, and the sequence to resume.
This sound and energetic discharge, long, if it happens, ends up attacking and sinking.
Like the regularity of the visual pace.
There are a few nice flashers - the creation of images has always been a force at Chouinard - like those hair fucking off or these black tissues that increase the lines.
But the chaotic approach lacks composition.
We have the impression that the chorégraphe, instead of going to the meeting of Michael, has imposed himself, with his tips.
Result: the bodies seem to be at dish in front of drawings.
Michael's henchmen, like Gestalt forms, open a larger and gigantic imaginary than dancing, more porous.
Only the end, in negative, with its drunk dansers hassed by a stroboopic light and the white signs in a suddenly black theater, touch the magic.
The audience liked, the welcome was warm.
The Gypnworks, after the enact, is richer.
The scene is in part flags of graves, dansers and piano are covered by tissues, like furniture in a neglected house.
In the piano, danssers were going to play the bias.
Their displays in music, touching, give real fragility.
On the scene, they pass the couples, in lovely, very sensational, even erotic.
Friends of group, small solos of transitions, which are moving around, shocking, writing is less binary.
Shoffers appear, also familiar with Chouinard, wearing red nose, in very polarized male parades.
Les are carnasers, french or players.
The geateline, the laughs and the little screws put the archaic, the grace and the laughing stock of cooks, people who are basing themselves.
But the piece takes its real flight after the salvation.
A clown comes back when the public leaves.
Here, everything becomes permitted: the fourth wall falls, the unexploded universe is supposing itself, the cake dwellers, descend among the spectators, eat, smoke, circumvent, play by the codes of applause, make a leap in a savagely calculated mess.
joy and madness transpires, and it's the art of Chouinard, there, to contaminate the public.
Google, Samsung and Huawei are subject to legal proceedings concerning patents.
The group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents has started an avalanche of legal proceedings in the field of patents on Thursday against mobile phone producers, especially Google, the company he hastened at the post during the auction of patents that took place after the bankruptcy of Nortel.
Rckstar, the consortium that acquired Nortel patents for 4.5 Md, has lodged a complaint against Samsung Electrics Co Ltd, HTC Corp, Huawei and four other companies for a patent violation in front of the United States' Court of Asshoot in Texas.
Rokstar is held jointly by Apple, Microsoft, Blackberry, Eriricsson and Sony.
Google is accused of having violated seven patents.
Patents contain technologies that allow an advertisement in connection with research terms on the internet, have indicated the conclusions of the trial, which is the heart of Google.
It was not possible to join the representatives of Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Rokstar.
Samsung, Huawei and HTC make telephones that work under Google's Android operating system, which gives fiercely competition to Apple mobile products and Microsoft.
In 2011, Google made an initial offer of $900 M for Nortel patents.
Google has increased its offer several times, finally proposing $4.4.
After having lost Nortel patents against Rokstar, Google acquired the following Motorola Mobility for a $12.5 Md amount, a market partly based on Motorola's patents library.
"Although having failed in its attempt to acquire the patents in the auction, Google violated and continues to violate these patents, have indicated the conclusions of the trial.
Rockstar demands more damage and interests against Google, because he claims that Google's patent violation is stubborn, according to the complainant.
Exploitation of a house in Gesves: a faulty water driver
The grandmother would have lit a cigarette during a gas leak.
The exploding of a housing in Gesves, which did two serious wounded on Friday morning, a 55-year-old grandmother and her 5 years grandson is due to a gas leak from a faulty water driver, indicated on Friday night the replacement of the chief of the Roi.
The expert sent out there by the paret ensures that the origin of the explosion is purely accidental.
The grandmother lit a cigarette while there was a flight and a build-up of gas.
The vital prognosis of both victims is still committed.
The grandmother was planned by the explosion and is burned burned.
The little boy, who was in his grandfather and his partner, was on his side and was burned slightly.
"The two victims were intubated and long conditioned on the spot before being taken to the Come of Liège, she in helicopter, her ambulance", said the bourgmate José Paulet, descended in the places.
The grandfather was on the floor during the boom.
Sain and except, he was able to join the downfall by the escort stayed intact while the rear wall of the house was totally destroyed.
The grandfather and the tenant of the neighbor's house, fragile by the explosions, were relaxed by the president of the CAPS.
Both Anne and Namur firemen and the police of Arches intervened.
The civil protection of Crisné has stabilized both buildings.
Egypt asks the first freely elected president to lend.
Mohamed Morsi preached the inauguration station, but it is unlikely that his day of triumph marks the end of political conflicts in Egypt.
The Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised the emergence of a "new Egypt" when he preached the inauguration of the presidency, thereby becoming the first freely elected president and succeeding in Hosni Mubarak who was hunted out of power 16 months earlier.
During his inauguration in front of the constitutional court, Mr. Morsi has also become the first freely elected Islamic president of the Arab world and the fifth head of state in Egypt since the overthrow of the monarchy 60 years ago.
He preached in front of the 18 judges in the black rock of the Court whose building on the Nil's border was built to look like an Egyptian temple.
"We want a better future, a new Egypt and a second republic," said President Morsi during the formal ceremony broadcast directly on public television.
"Today, the Egyptian people laid the foundations of a new life - absolute freedom, a true democracy and stability", explained Mr. Morsi, a 60 year-old engineer formed in the United States, coming from the Muslim Brothers, a fundamentalist group considered for more than 84 years since his training as an illegal organization and severely repressed by successive governments.
Hundreds of soldiers and police kept the building when Mr. Morsi arrived soon after 11 hours, local hours, followed by a little convoy.
Only a few hundred supporters had gathered in front of the Court to acclamate the new president and, moving out of the presidency's presidential election of the years, the movement was only briefly interrupted to allow the passage of his convoy in the very busy streets linking the city city to the south suburbs.
Considering like the little charismatic "emergency wheel" of the Muslim Brothers, his personal prestige has greatly strengthened since his victory and his Friday speech during which he tried to present himself as the candidate not only of the Islamists but of all those who want to finish the work started during the 2011 uprising against authoritarian President Mubarak.
"Egypt is today a civil, national, constitutional, and modern state", said Mohamed Morsi, in a blue and red caveat, addressed to the judges in the hallmark room of boiseries where he preached.
Later, Mr. Morsi went to the University of Cairo where he gave his inauguration speech.
He was officially welcomed by a military fanfare who played the national anthem when he was putting himself in the garden.
The marechal Hussein Tantaoui attended the ceremony.
At his arrival, he was welcomed by the sister "The people and the army, hand in hand..." envored by thousands of people assembled in the big hitheatre of university.
In 1908 and former stronghold of secular education, the Cairo university became later a stranger of the Islamic student groups in the 1970's.
Mr. Morsi made a symbolism on Friday in Tahrir place, where the uprising that ended Mubarak's authoritarian regime last year, and vowed to recover the presidential powers of which the military council, which replaced the former president, was deported, dispossessed it.
But by agreeing to officially be in front of the Court, rather than in front of Parliament as it is used, he clicks in front of the army's will by showing that the fight for power is not over.
Mr Morsi's speech about Tahrir's place accompanied dramatic populist actions.
The US shutdown has hindered the increase in the car market
The closure for 16 days of most federal administrations weighed on the growth of car sales in the United States in October, show the figures published on Friday by the manufacturers, five of the six main ones having performance below expectations.
The three big Detroit manufacturers are showing a two-figure growth compared to October 2012 but only General Motors did better than expected.
The analysts anticipated on average 15.4 million sales at an annualized pace and corrected seasonal variations but the market established at 15.3 million according to the estimates of Adam Jonas, the analyst of Morgan Stanley.
In a note to the bank's clients, he thinks that this light shot is primarily explained by "the government shutdown and its impact on the feeling of the consumer in the first half of the month".
However, GM has reported on the progress of almost 16% of its sales last month at 226 402 vehicles, compared to 211 563 expected by the consensus.
The four brands of the group have seen their commercial performance improved compared to October 2012.
Ford, which continues to benefit among others from the success of its pick-ups, has seen its sales increase by 14% on one year to 191 985 vehicles, while the consensus was waiting for 194 301.
For his part, Chrysler, controlled by Fiat announced a 11% increase in his sales to 140 083 vehicles, compared to 143 536 expected.
Toyota and Nissan also displayed lower sales than consensus, despite increases over a year of 8.8% and 14.2% respectively.
At the New York Stock Exchange, GM action earned 1.4% at 16h35 GMT while Ford gave up 1.1%.
Renault plagued on stock markets by Nissan's warning
Renault accuses Friday of the strongest decrease in the SBF 120 index in Paris after its partner Nissan Motor announced having reduced his annual net profit forecast by almost 20%, pay traders.
Nissan, who had to carry out such a revision, also announced a reorganisation of his direction.
Several traders reported that the Renault action was affected this morning by "Warning".
"This is clearly the window-gain of Nissan," says a boss responsible for a Parisian brother.
Under the Renault alliance, Renault holds 43.4% of Nissan's capital and the Japanese manufacturer 15% of French, according to data on Nissan website.
Greece: two deaths in a shooting near a local of the neo-Nazi party
Two people were killed and another one was injured on Friday night by the fire fired by two people who were on board a motorcycle who went to a local party in the neonazi. Abe in the west suburbs of Athens, they learned from police sources.
The police wasn't able to give information about the identity of the victims and their possible political belonging.
Some Greek media reported that some of Aube golden members had argued that the victims were guards of their local people.
The injured person immediately was hospitalized, according to the same source.
Police police officers dispatched on the Central avenue of the suburbs. Suo Iraqi, where the incident took place and closed the neighborhood.
The incident comes a few weeks after the indictment of six Aube Dorry MPs, including the leader and founder of the party, to participate in "a criminal organization" in an attack against this party launched after the death of an anti-fascist musician by one of his members.
The call by Scott Brown rejected
Scott Brown, the captain of Celtic Glasgow, saw his rejected call and will be well suspended for the next two matches of League Champions of his club, against Ajax and AC Milan.
Exploited against Barça for having addressed Neymar, the Scottish environment has seen its suspension extended to three meetings by the UEFA.
In a communication, his club said "very disappointed", believing that his call was entirely justified.
Almost 50 000 households are deprived of electricity on the whole province, shortly after noon Friday, due to violent winds affecting many regions along the Saint-Laurent river.
The sectors most affected are the Laurentin with 15 042 subscribers plunged in the dark, Le Monétrée with 13 464 and the Yeououis with 8642.
The great region of Montreal also has a lot of banners with almost 7000 private homes in the metropolis and Laval.
Do you think that the travel agencies belonged to the past because of the internet?
Flight center seems to reverse the trend.
The company has revised its net profit forecast upwards and hopes for record results thanks to the hosts of Australia and the United Kingdom.
The travel agency now expects to make an underlying profit on the whole exercise of between $325 and 340 M before taxes, against a previous forecast of 305 to 315 M $.
If current predictions are reached, it will represent 12 to 17% growth compared to the record profit of 290.4 M reached in 2011 / 12.
The director General, Graham Turner, said that Flight Clut had realized 8% of profits in the first semester and that the second semester had started in force, especially with regard to travel other than business trips in Australia and the United Kingdom.
"Since the beginning of the year, the 10 countries in which we are present are profitable, and several of them are on the way to achieving record results on the whole exercise before deducting interest and taxes, he said.
This concerns Australia and the United Kingdom, which are usually the countries that generate the biggest profits.
In Australia, the recreational travel sector has rekindled during the second semester, which made it possible to compensate for a small domestic market for business trips.
Similarly in the United Kingdom, the leisure travel sector of Flight Center has recorded good results while business customers have spent less.
His subsidiary in the United States has recovered his losses during the first semester where the seasonal demand is lower and had to benefit from the whole exercise for the third time running.
The actions of Flight Centre have increased by 3 cents to reach $38.20 yesterday.
Innovations shoot a hotel near the pyramid in Cairo
Shooded strangers opened the fire this Friday on a hotel close to the Cairo pyramid in Egypt without being victims, the result of an apparent quarrel with redundant employees.
The assailants took the flight, said the spokesman of the Ministry of the Interior, the Police General Abdel Lative.
This attack comes when Egypt almost no longer receives any tourist since the army removed the Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in early July and represses the protests of his supporters in the blood.
School schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics, spelling and grammar grammar
In the English literature classes, students will have to study at least a piece of Shakespeare, a nineteenth-century novel, a romantic poem and a contemporary British fiction work of 1914 in our days.
The examination will also present "new texts" to encourage a more diversified reading.
A mix of literature and English language will be deleted.
From 2015, students will have to pass an independent language GCSE, and will be strongly encouraged to choose a separate qualifications in English literature.
The Ministry of Education must publish its new English and male programs tomorrow - the first materials to undergo a radical revision.
It will make changes in other fundamental materials next year.
On the other hand, Opqual, the Office of the Supervisor of examinations, will reveal a reorganisation of the structure of the GCSE, with a new rating system and less classes.
Speaking during the summer, Michael Gove, Minister of Education, said that there was a "broad consensus about the need to reform our system of exams to restore public confidence", insisting that the GCSE would be "more stimulating, more ambitious and more rigorous".
Studies show that English schools spend less time at the meals (116 hours per year, 3 hours per week during the school year) than most other countries.
By comparison, Australian schools offer on average 143 hours per year, and the students of Singapore make about 138 hours.
While there is no formal obligation to spend more hours of time working to the mths, sources close to the coalition government have indicated that the GCSE of deep meals – as well as the greater importance given to the materials in international rankings – would probably encourage schools to ensure more hours of classes.
The program will put more emphasis on the "real world problems", especially financial mathematics.
This judgment means that a law adopted in July in this state and largely questioning the right to abortion will be able to enter into force.
A octogenaire welcomes children with a gun to the Muy for Hallopen.
The minors aged 9 and 13 were wearing door door to demand good bonuses in Hallaween.
One of the residents of the Muty's neighborhood visited by the children opened the door by holding its hunting gun.
The old man, aged 86, explained to the police he had been scared.
His weapon was seized.
The ex-head of the Gestapo buried in a Jewish cemetery
Müller, who disappeared at the end of the Second World War without ever finding his trace, was actually buried in a common mass of Jewish cemetery in Berlin, says the leader of the Memorial of the German resistance, Professor Johhannes Tuchel, in Bild.
Müller did not survive at the end of the war.
"His body was buried in 1945 in a common fodder of the Jewish cemetery of Berlin-Mitte, he assured every day of a lot of rage based on archives documents.
This revelation, 68 years after the end of the Nazi regime of Adolf Hitler, would answer one of the great enigma of the post-war war.
The German secret services, the BND, assured that during the summer of 1949, Müller was at Karlovy Vy, then in Czechoslovakia, according to a document obtained by Bild.
The secret services were completely wrong.
"From August 1945, Müller's body was found in a temporary grave near the former Ministry of the Ask of the Reich by a command", according to Mr. Tuchel.
He had "a uniform of general".
"In the left internal pocket, in particular, there were its service states with a photo", he continued.
Bild also publishes a document from the district town town town of Mitte in Berlin indicating that he was buried in the Jewish cemetery in the neighborhood.
The president of the central council of the Jews of Germany, Dieter Gaumann, declared himself shocked by this revelation.
That one of the most brutal Nazi sadists is buried in a Jewish cemetery, it's an enormity of bad taste.
"We're grossly flouting the memory of the victims", has been in the newspaper.
Heinrich Müller is among the important figures of the Third Reich who have never been caught.
He participated at the Wannsee conference in January 1942, which decided on the "final solution" and especially under his orders Adolf Eichmann, responsible for the "logistics" of the extermination of Jews, sentenced to death and executed in Israel in 1962.
Pamela Anderson cut her emblematic with blonds and adopt a spectacular gasoline.
Pamela's jokes have become famous thanks to his role in the TV series sexy Alerte in Malibu.
Pamela Anderson is the last celebrity to shock her fans with a new spectacular hairstyle.
The former nice nana of Alerte in Malibu has let her long hair hair down against a gonna bother.
The 46 year actress unveiled his new look while she was walking in L.A. Wednesday and shared a photo on her page Twitter.
It's the first time in 20 years that nice joke gets cut off the hair, and we're a fan of discreet change.
What do you think of Pammy's hairstyle?
Tell us what you think about the comments.
It works in the mud, the jungle and cross river to offer free medical assistance.
Dr Georges Bwelle disregards free healthcare in Cameroon's villages
Dr Bwelle and his team spend almost all their weekends
There are not many doctors in this country of West Africa, barely 1 for 5 000 inhabitants.
Vote here or via your mobile device
Dr Georges Bwle is one of 10 CNN CNN from the year 2013.
You can vote for him, or one of the 10 other heroes, to elect "Hey CNN of the year".
This person will receive $25,000 to continue his extraordinary work.
For 21 years, Georges Bwle watched her sick father alternating periods of conscience and conscience and went to hospitals that were not equipped to help her.
James Bwon was injured in a car accident in 1981 near Yaouné, the capital of Cameroon.
At first, he had only a broken arm, but he contracted a infection that spread to his brain, creating a haematome he was going to wear the sequel of his life.
"There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon", said Georges Bwelle.
We would have taken it abroad if we had enough money.
Instead, Dr Bwle spent years supporting his father in crowded clinics and hospitals, so he can get any treatment he could enjoy.
"It's not easy," adds Mr. Bwelle.
You can leave the house at 5: 00, go to the hospital to be the first one, and you're not the first.
There are a lot of patients.
People can die because they wait too long.
The situation has not changed much since the death of Dr Bwle's father in 2002.
In Cameroon, there is only 1 doctor for 5 000 inhabitants, according to the World Health Organisation.
By way of comparison, the ratio in the United States is 1 doctor for 413 inhabitants.
And even if they could see a doctor, many Cameroon could not pay the consultation.
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty threshold, and almost three quarters of the country's health expenses are carried out in the private sector.
"The only problem they have is poverty," explained Dr Bwle.
And because of poverty, they can't enjoy life.
After seeing his father and as many of his compatriots suffer, Dr Bwle was determined to try to change the course of things.
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers practiced more than 700 surgical acts free during the course of last year.
He became a doctor himself, working like a vascular surgeon at the central hospital in Yaouné.
And he created a non-profit humanitarian association, ASCOVE, which goes to rural areas during weekends to dispense free healthcare.
Since 2008, he and his group of volunteers have helped almost 32 000 people.
Almost every Friday, with a 30 people, they go into pepples after setting medical equipment on the roof and going through difficult land to go to the villages that need help most.
The chance doesn't always follow them.
They have often had to push the vehicles to cross rivers or empty ways.
But when they arrive, they are received in heroes: the community organize a party, chick and dance and offer them the best available housing.
In these villages, free health care is a good reason to celebrate, and Dr Bwelle - with his great smile and his unbridled energy - is more than happy to join the celebrations.
The next morning, the team starts receiving hundreds of patients.
"We get 500 people on every visit", said Mr. Bwelle.
They sometimes live at 60 km from the village, and they come to foot.
In this roaming hospital, various health care is professed.
Many people receive treatment against malaria, tuberculosis, malnutrition, diabetes, parasites and sexually transmitted diseases.
Others can get balls, a pool of glasses collected or a free birth certificate - a necessary document to go to school, but many poor families simply cannot afford to buy it.
The evening, the practical team practical surgical acts under local anaesthetic.
The operations are usually carried out in a school, a town town or a house; after the intervention, the patient rises and goes to the awakening room to leave his place to the next person.
Thanks to the lighting of the electrogen group, the operation room and the sterilization of equipment, Dr Bwelle and his volunteers work until the first hours of Sunday morning.
It's an eternal rhythm, but village musicians usually help the team to stay motivated.
"They knock on stamps every night to keep us awake so that we can continue to work", explained Mr. Bwle.
On Sunday, the team returns to city, tired but proud of the work it has done.
The group, composed of Cameroon doctors and medical students, practiced 700 surgical acts free during the course of last year, and he knows that their presence can make the difference for those who they come to help.
A man explained that the free operation he had sued to treat a grass would allow him to work again.
"This will change my future and that of my family", said man.
In addition to making this roaming hospital live and working like surgeon in the hospital, Dr Bwelle also works at night in private medical firms around Yaouné.
It's this second job, explain, who finances 60% of his association; the rest is covered by private donations.
"I don't know when he sleeps", said Karet O'Malley, a medical student in the second year of the University Drexel in Philadelphia and volunteer within the Dr Bwle group.
He is still at the hospital or is trying to find money for his association so he can lead these campaigns.
For students in medicine and nurses like Kace. Old, who come from the United States and Europe to join Mr. Bwelle in his missions, it's an opportunity to learn on the ground that they don't have at home.
"We've been able to participate in operations to help solve blood or pass the instruments to Dr. Bwelle," explained Miss O'Malley.
This is not something you have the opportunity to do in America when you are a student in medicine in the second year.
Voluntary students usually pay their trip to Cameroon, and often arrive with medical equipment collected.
But once in Yaouné, their pension, transportation and education are taken care of by Doctor Bwelle.
"It's a hero, there's no doubt", said Karet O'Malley.
He gives his life for this association, and his desire to help the Cameroon people is not close to dying.
For Dr Bwle, the relatively constant workload is not a problem.
Help the others to live happy with the promise he made to his father is something that gives him great joy.
"I'm so happy when I do this work", added Mr. Bwle.
And I'm thinking of my father.
I hope he sees what I'm doing.
Make people laugh and ease pain are the reasons that lead me to do that.
Take the ASCOVE site to see how to help.
The two France of Pierre Nora
Percepted, academics have long painted to define and place Pierre Nora.
Professor in amphitheaters and classes of classes?
No doubt, but by underscoring its weak for the paths of going through, Sciences-Po, Upper Eux.
Around the works of others in his office in the street Gaston-Gallimard?
Indeed, but ignoring the hidden work and the underground writing of the editor.
Seriter of the crazy that occupied the French Academy.
Of course, still, but knowing that such a sacred can't replace real holy oil, that of the thesis, which happened.
They have willingly recognized in him a great awake, animator and federator of their work, but by pointing out that he was unlikely to produce himself.
To this uncertain image, the monument of the "Free memory", to which he attached his name, has also contributed.
The bad languages have been able to see a huge market for chips, presented by an intelligent commentator, with a vibrant eye and leudition.
The two books published by Nora soon two years ago already established that the person who went to not writing had a lot and well written.
The book that this should bring to her definitively justice.
Yet we find, once again, the temptation of ubiquity, the intellectual vagging, the jubilation to be jammed up as with one subject on the other.
But we quickly understand that the disparate objects gathered in this book in such a beautiful title bring the brush to a single passion: the one to discover the nod constituent of French identity.
Why these dramatic calls for national unity?
Identity: it's a concern of time.
We were collectively invited to give a definition.
But in the pervasive spirit of our leaders then, the French identity was a intemperous essence.
We only needed to deploy accidents, and the affair, Jacobinism forces, was given to the prefects and the subprets, authorised interpreters.
That's what Pierre Nora is all about.
He doesn't ask himself the heir of eternal francism, he refuses to define it.
Analyst worries about a familiar stranglehold, he is in a forest of symbols, stopped every step by an object in the form of rebus, tormented by irritating questions.
This one, which is born of the company itself: why, in a country that is so long installed in its borders, if formerly chargested and ascendant, what are these dramatic calls for unity?
They are so pressing, suggest Pierre Nora, than to conjure up the trouble born by the discord of French history.
Francs and Gaullaws, Armagnacs and Bourguignons, Catholics and Protestants: the division forces here are very old.
And the most emblematic is obviously the one that ends up in two national history.
From the seism of the revolution, the French have two stories and they have two nations, a monarchic, the other revolutionary.
The second one wanted the death of the first one, but without succeeding to deny it; worries on the contrary to find the stupidity and all the more greedy of unity and indivisibility that she had cut off the head of the person who was the obvious and powerful incarnation.
And, from there, a nation invincibly binary, shared between left and right, secularism and Catholicism, love and hatred of the revolution.
To make the uniqueness of French identity feel, nothing is worth the four not out of the Hexaggerone, so the American stapof by Pierre Nora could be the heart of his book.
Because America and France have one and the other made a revolution, written a declaration of rights, wanted to build a new society.
But the American cousing is only better to highlight what is our own.
There, men who left their Ancien Regime in England and no longer had to worry about it.
Here, crowded men from an indigenous Ancient region, and even more radical.
Here is a consensual revolution when she sowed drama and trust.
Here, the founding fathers who are still honored, and here revolutionary ancestors whose models are barely worth doing, and who have always killed themselves.
Here, institutional consistency, and here a cascade of constitution, as many mistakes to be made and tests to resume.
France that's going, France that comes
However, there was a time when the French thought they could recoup the rotten robot of their history, and defeat the curse of the two.
At this Third Republic, the central and creator moment, Pierre Nora has shown a lot of interest and even tenure: salving those who then worked to repair the revolutionary fracture, teaching to the schoolchildren everything in the old France was clearly preparing modern France and proposing a unified version of their history.
But this peaceful identity had only a time.
This is once again in debate, blocked by immigration of a new type, threatened by the rise of resonative minorities, absorbed in the European space.
The book therefore offers both the fascinating portrait of France that's going on and the circumstance of France that comes from.
With a premium, the portrait of the historian, which should reserve a few surprises.
We'll discover that the railway worker was a cake.
The man of multiple cuosities turns, slightly obsessively, around the same idea.
The manure of readers was at the center of the center.
And the one who had tabled, for more than a half-century, a subject on the idea of nation, but had taken away the initial exercise of the thesis, we're entrusting ourselves, cum grano sals, that it will have ended up being done.
Of course, in a less mature, more broken and subtle form.
But let's not deceive ourselves, just as binding.
Because much more than the figure imposed of university curricula, this afternoon says the domestic necessity of a life.
A former hostage in Lebanon: "Return is pretty complex to manage"
End in Beirut on March 8, 1986 with three members of his "Antenne 2 team" who came to film a demonstration from Hezbollah, the journalist Jean-Louis Normandin was released almost 21 months later, on 27 November 1987.
Retreaty since 2008, in 2004, he participated in the creation of the hostages' defence association "World School", which he presided over for several years.
His main objective: to obtain the possibility for hostages to file a complaint and to bring their hostage takers to the International Criminal Court.
More than 1 000 days, the four hostages of Aqmi (Al-Qa'ida in the Islamic Maghreb) Daniel Larribe, Thierry Dol, Pierre Lega and Marc Féret were released on Tuesday.
After medical examinations at the Val-de-Thanks military hospital on Wednesday afternoon, they could have found their families since then.
And try, soon, to resume the course of their lives.
"The New Year Observer" questioned Jean-Louis Normandin, 62 years old, ex big reporter, retreated since 2008, the president of the "World Law" association.
From the evening of your release, you were on the 20h of "Antenne 2".
What are your memories of your release today?
Especially in Beirut.
When I'm free, I find myself in the coffer of a car where I meet - without seeing it because it's black - Roger Auque.
He told me "we're released", but I'm not sure, and tell me that we can still be killed.
We're very excited, but very tense too.
It's war, and those who drive us are also very tense.
They ask us on the edge of a sidewalk.
There are Syrian soldiers.
Then we arrive at the site of the Sumerland hotel where the press is present.
French people bring us to the embassy of France.
It's time for the first wirels to parents, family, friends, press...
I remember I took a bath for an hour.
And having dinner in t-shirt at the French Embassy.
I also remember a short night discussing with Roger and Marchiani.
The tension is still there because we have no means to evacuate ourselves to Larnaca Airport in Cyprus.
Arrived there in helicopter, we take a private plane that brings us back to France via Corfu and Solenzara, where Pasa boasts.
How did you arrive on French soil?
We're getting to Orly.
Chirac, Prime Minister, is there.
It's a bit brutal.
There is an incredible shop.
And a lot of media.
When I left there were three TV channels.
I come back and there are plenty.
The descent from the plane stocking, the reunion with my son and my parents, my friends, all of this is extremely strong in emotion.
Between the airport and my home, many motorcycles follow our car that Ramhoute leads.
The moderators get out of the pocket to make photos and follow me up to home where I have to do the police a bit to prevent some of them.
The media pressure is huge.
It doesn't stop, we are well placed to know it...
But the state of emotion and fatigue is such that it is difficult to see it clearly.
We get out of a hole and we suddenly have media fires.
It's a bit complicated, a bit violent, rather complex to manage.
But we did the hardest.
At the same time, I'm at 20h, the next day, I'm on TV.
Then start a kind of realignment to life, very slowly, for one or two months that are a bit like vacations.
How did medical exams and the DGSE deal?
I had the right to first medical control in Corsica.
The rest was done in the Val-de-thanks the following days my return: radio, all gender tests and meet with a psychiatrist.
It's not a session that does everything but we know that we can count on him, to remind him if necessary, that we are not delivered to ourselves.
It is part of the procedure.
I also met the intelligence services.
They asked me questions about the hostage takers.
It was logical.
It did not annoy me.
How do you react, today, to the release of the four hostages of Niger?
I listen to what is said.
The debate about ranges in particular.
Some things annoy me, others less.
I'm trying to do the part between the questions on my past as a hostage and my casquette of the president of the "Open World" association that allows me to distance myself, and seems much more interesting to talk about.
I wonder, for example, about the definition of resilience.
Especially, I'm fighting, with others, for the recognition of the legal status of hostage.
I think there is a problem with semantics.
We must call the taking hostage hostage taking "political" - which is the case most of the time - and allow hostages to have access to justice, to file a complaint and to bring their hostage takers to the International Criminal Court.
Today, once again, everyone is in compassion, in the emotion, and welcomes the release of these hostages.
But who says that these hostages could perhaps also have access to justice?
A tribunal in The Hague is done for that.
Why do you not tell the hostage takers "you have flouted the rules of the war, like those of all the Geneva conventions, we'll be brought to justice"?
It seems to me, however, that it is justified, legitimate, strikes common sense.
This message is heard, but not listened to, and that shocked me.
It's my main fight.
Egypt's Islamists in the street
The anger is growing in the ranks of Egyptian Islamists.
Two days before the opening of the trial of the deed president Mohamed Morsi, they took to the streets.
mobilisation throughout Egypt to demand the restoration of the first democratically elected president of the country.
It's not a trial highlights this militant Muslim militant.
Until now, no lawyer has been able to meet him and no volunteer could take a copy of the documents' documents.
It's not a trial, it's a joke.
The trial of President Morsi is a false trial. A pro-Morsi. He's supposed to be judging Sisi, not the opposite.
Morsi must judge Sisi for massacres in Raba, the massacres of Nahda, and the massacre of the Republican Guard.
Sisi is a liar and a traitor.
clashes broke out in Alexandria, the police used tear gas, 60 demonstrators were arrested.
On Monday, 20 000 police will be deployed in front of the Cairo Police academy, where will be judged Mohamed Morsi.
Hagel blames 9 American states to violate homosexual rights
Since the federal state has recognised same-sex marriage, "all the military partners are entitled to an identity card of the Defense department and to the benefits that come with", reminded the minister in New York in a speech in front of the Anti-Defamation League.
"But some states refuse to issue these cards to same-sex couples in the National Guard installations" established on their territory, he denounced, blaming these states to violate the federal law and the principle of equality.
Without these cards, these people can't benefit from the many social or health services provided on these bases, or access their stores.
The Secretary of Defense said he ordered the leader of the National Guard, General Frank Grass, to make sure of the implementation of the federal law.
The front of the nine states started by the Texas who refuses to implement these benefits on the settlements of the National Guard.
It was joined in its refusal by Indiana, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, South Caroline and western Virginia, according to a senior defence officer.
The Pentagon considers the population affected by the recognition of homosexual marriage to about 5600 active people, 17 000 by including the National Guard, the reserve and the retirees.
Six edition of the Play Skateboard this Saturday in Hyères
The sixth edition of the Play Skworkard takes place this Saturday, 2 November at the skate park in Hyères.
Organized by the SK8 Unity section of the Bump association, the competition should bring together the best skators in the region.
The enrolls are taken on the spot on Saturday morning from 9 a.m. and the qualification stages will start at 10: 00, before the end scheduled for 3 hours and the award of prices at 4 hours.
The public will be able to admire the technical prowess of young people who, for some, are already familiar with competitions at the highest level, like the young hyerois professor Lorenzo Plumbo.
Just 10 years, he has already conquered his place this year for the European championships in Copenhagen and he doesn't like anything while going back to competitors who exceed three heads.
The mayor of Toronto is hunting journalists who came to ask him about a drug affair
In Canada, the mayor of Toronto is suspected of getting involved, according to several media.
A video restoration of justice seems to support these suspicions.
The interested person, Rob Ford, has always denied having consumed a crack, while recognising having a pensioner for cannabis.
This Thursday, he hunted out his property several journalists who came to ask him.
We also think that sometimes images do not need explanation or comment.
A case of rage detected at a cat in the Val-d'Oise
The authorities announced on Thursday 31 October that a rage case had been detected at a chaton in the Val-d'Oise, obviously of foreign origin while France is unscathed of native cases since 2001.
The chaton was found on 25 October in Argeneuil and he died on 28 October.
The rage diagnosis has been confirmed by the Paster Institute.
"An epidemic investigation has been launched to identify and take care of people who could have come into contact with this chaton between 8 October and 28 October including," specifies the departments of health and agriculture.
"Five people who have been in contact with the chaton have already been identified" and received preventive treatment.
"Come on man, the preventive treatment of human rage, administered after contact with the porter animal, but before the appearance of symptoms, is very effective", specifies the communiqué.
The departments now call people who would have been mortal, gripped, greeted, or lacked on a mud or on a skin damaged by this chaton or whose animal would have been in contact with this chaton between 8 and 28 October to contact the 08,11,00.00.06.95 between 10 hours and 6 hours from 1 November.
"France has been scary of rage since 2001, this chaton or the mother have been imported from another country, not unscathed" according to the release.
The Ministry of Agriculture specifies that the last "native" of rage recorded dates back to December 1998 on a fox and that "France is officially declared unscathed from this disease in November 2001 by the International Office of Animal Health (OIE)".
A case of rage on an illegally imported chicken from Gambia was recorded in 2008.
"rage is a deadly disease if it is not treated in time", remind the departments and it can be transmitted for almost 15 days before the first symptoms of the disease.
Obama goes back on his reform of the health system
During an avalanche of criticism, President Obama came back yesterday on his unmistakable and often repeated promise that "if you are satisfied with your health regime, you can keep it".
After hundreds of thousands of people have received opinions from their providers, the Republicans have criticized the president in the last few days by accusing him of deceiving the American people.
Yesterday, Barack Obama adjusted his original promise.
"The vast majority of people holding a health insurance who suits them can keep it", he said during a speech in Boston.
Talking about what he calls "a crumbling in the news" about the terminations, President Obama has pushed the Americans who received these opinions to look for a new insurance on the market.
Most people will be able to get full and better adapted health schemes for the same price, or even for even cheaper than expected.
"You will come out", he said.
The Administration has announced that we should not be surprised if the 5% of the population who themselves take their insurance found themselves forced to change diet because their coverage does not satisfy the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act.
"Let me address these Americans directly: you deserve better", said Kathleen Sebelius during his testimony to the Committee on Energy and Trade in Washington.
Mrs Sebelius, who oversees the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, said that the launch in October of the online market failed "lamentably".
"I'm as frustrated and annoyed as anyone", she added.
I'm anxious to recover your confidence.
It's a Kathleen Sebelius exasperé who pronounced this sentence, even though she believed her microphone cut off, speaking to an assistant sitting behind her during the session of the Assembly yesterday following an exchange of litigation with Billy Long, a Republican representative of the Missouri, to know if she should join the Obamacare.
For more than three hours, Billy Long repeatedly asked Mrs Sebelius why "the architect" of the Affordable Care Act did not voluntarily give up the insurance sponsored by the government to subscribe to a regime via HealthCar.gov, that it now praises millions of Americans.
Vétel, a special cake for Abu Dhabi
The happy elected, Jake Vte Prekop, combined the colors of the car brand and the German flag, while including the notions of speed and heat at the level of the runway.
The German Sebastian Vetel, quadruple champion of the world of Formula 1, énéné for free tests of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi Friday a special cake whose drawing was made by a Mexican fan of 21 years.
Vetel has chosen among 1,500 drawings envored from all over the world, within the framework of a competition launched by one of the sponsors, a car brand, of its stable.
He was invited to follow the GP of Abu Dhabi, with a friend, and can therefore look closely at the German champion, on the path and in his snade.
You should wear this cable on Friday and Saturday, the tests.
He is likely to have another special job Sunday, for the race, to mark his 4th conspiracy global title.
A inhabitant of Aubervilavs launches his party on the suburbs
Let's not be mistaken.
In the spirit of Abdel-Malik Djermine, his founder, the "Party of the suburbs" is not only addressed to banners.
I chose a map of France as a logo, justify it.
When I talk about suburbs, I address all those who are excluded from the big national family.
However, his project, presented on Thursday in the press conference in his native of Aubervilavs, was born of the will to better defend multiculturalism, this great cultural pot that characterizes above all neighborhoods.
My proposal No 1 is to create a Ministry of multiculturalism, he says.
Abdel-Malik Djermine, 50 years old, a territorial attaché, claims himself today as "100% apolitical" even if it has not always been neutral.
Mixed in 2002 alongside Jean-Pierre Chevenement, he then supported locally Dominique de Villepin between 2010 and 2011.
I know that the equality values I advocate in my program are linked to the left but if the right wing people are ready to support me, I will also listen to them, he will continue.
There are only extremist parties that I'm not talking about.
In addition to multiculturalism, Abdel-Malik Djermine has built his program -consultable on Internet- from many topics that are supposed to talk to suburbs and especially young people: the right to vote for foreigners, the legalization of cannabis, the civil majority at 16 years, the rehabilitation of the function of the building guards.
We still need to find candidates to form lists and defend his ideas on the political scene ".For the 2014 municipal elections, it might be fair, he does."
It's a problem of time and money.
The suburbs Party should still be represented in Aubervilles through my application and I also hope in other cities.
Abdel-Malik Djermine ensures already seven heads of list in metropolitan France and in Martine.
"And the guys of support I've received since yesterday don't come from suburbs." he rejoices.
John Kerry admitted, unprecedented, that American espionage "had gone too far."
John Kerry has indicated a weakening of the United States' defensive attitude to his surveillance programs by admitting, unprecedented, that on several occasions, the spying "had gone too far in an inappropriate way".
Secretary of State also admitted that he, like Barack Obama, governed on "automatic pilot" when a series of inflammatory revelations of the whistlebaster Edward Snowden about the NSA spying activities saw the day.
The leaks put the American government at the center of a diplomatic storm with its allies.
Speaking at an intergovernmental conference in London by video connection, Kerry said: "It's undeniable that the President, myself and other members of the government have taken on some things as an automatic pilot because we had the possibility, from the Second World War and until the difficult years of the cold war, then of course on 11 September."
He then became the first high-ranking member of the United States government to admit that American espionage had surpassed the shit, but insisted that everyone's rights had not been violated.
He said: "In some cases, it went too far."
And the President is determined to try and clarify and clearly specify to people that he is now carrying out a thorough review of these practices so that nobody feels wrong.
I assure you that innocent people will not be abused in this process.
Mr Kerry insisted, however, that the NSA was a force acting for the good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives.
He added: "We live in a new world where people are ready to get caught."
There is a radical extremism in the world that is determined to kill people, explode them and attack governments.
And if you could intercept their communications and stop them before they act?
We did prevent planes from falling, exploding buildings and people to be killed because we were able to learn about the facts in advance.
Meanwhile, American legislators will be visiting Europe to answer the concerns about the alleged American espionage affair and convince Europeans of the need to continue the joint efforts to fight terrorism with the United States, explained on Thursday the president of the Senate subcommittee on European affairs.
Senator Chris Murphy from Connecticut indicated that he had expressed himself in front of the members of the European Parliament and others this week and that he was worried about the threats they had made regarding a possible withdrawal of anti-terrorist organisations because of the feeling of frustration that the monitoring of the National Security Agency raises.
"It's really important for the protection of national security in the United States that Europeans stay on our side in the mutual commitment in the fight against terrorism", said Murphy, a democrat serving his first term, and president of the Subcommittee on European Senate of the American Senate, during an interview from Washington.
And I'll go to Europe to make them understand that we must continue to work together to fight against terrorism, despite the anger caused by the NSA programs.
The press reports that the NSA has captured millions of communications in Europe, which has hurt relations with certain allies of the United States, however the director of the agency said this week that it was not accurate and that it was a misunderstanding because it concerned metadata that NATO allies collected and shared with the United States.
Other revelations have reported documents released by Snowden according to which the NSA had intercepted data and communications from the mobile phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and those of 34 other heads of state.
The director of intelligence services, James Claper, justified the espionage of allies by indicating that it was necessary and that it was common practice on both sides.
In this atmosphere of tumult, Murphy indicated that his office was organising a congress of Congress, which should take place this year, and that he hoped the delegation would include members of both parties and both chambers.
The names of the other participating legislators should be unveiled in the coming days.
He said that the route was to be defined.
Murphy said that the goal of this trip was to help improve relations, but also to be "tough firmness".
He explained that European heads of state had to be honest with their citizens about the type of spying programs they themselves have been applying for years.
"We can change our surveillance programs to better protect the rights of Europeans, but they must also understand that we are not the only people in the world to do spying," said Murphy.
Meanwhile, Mr Kerry has planned to go this weekend to the Middle East and Poland to manage the rhythm generated by American strategies in Syria, Egypt and Iran, as well as by US surveillance activities.
The London stock market ended on Thursday, plagued by the bad results of Shell and after an announcement by the Fed to maintain its support for the economy, as planned.
An Australian calls for his prison sentence in Thailand
A 21 year-old Sydney girl, sentenced to 15 days of imprisonment in Phuklet for wrongly claiming to have been assaulted by a taxi driver, appealed to the judgment and was given freedom under deposit.
Stelife Rochelle Bamford was first judged guilty by a Court of Province of Phuklet on 15 June of false statements after telling the Thailand police that a local taxi driver, accompanied by two other men who control him, attacked him early on Sunday, 10 June.
However, videosurveillance recording later revealed that she was returned to her hotel safe after being separated from her little southern friend.
Phuklet police questioned Bamford for two days before she admitted having invented the story of all parts.
She was held in a cell of the local office in advance of the hearing in court.
Bamford was sentenced to a prison sentence of 15 days in a detention detention center in the outlying of Phuklet rather than in a prison for women.
This is the girl of the former player of the Australian League of rugby Peter Tunks, who called on Canberra's foreign ministry to help her daughter.
Tunks told the Sunday Telegraph of Sydney that the whole family was "extremely concerned" about the well-being of his girl and wanted her to go back to Australia.
"We obviously lived a while anxious, but we hope to bring it back to the house safe as soon as possible", said Tunks.
Bamford called the judgment and was put in freedom after the payment of a 50 000 bahers.
In Australia, the press said that in the meantime, she was on holiday in the region of Krai, south of Thailand.
Police sources Thailand said that Bamford was represented by a local lawyer of Phuklet, but warned that the call could lead to an increase in the penalty that could go to two years imprisonment and an incarceration in an adult prison.
However, after the recent murder in Phuklet of Michelle Smith, an Australian trip agitation, Thailand could also seek to revive its damaged image with tourists, which could lead to an acquittal.
The French police will stop the supporters of Andercht who came to anything other than with the RSCA cards
The French police decided to lay down strict rules regarding the meeting of the Royal Sporting Club of Andercht against Paris Saint-Gerhand, set Tuesday, Marie Verbeke, the spokesman of the police zone Brussels afternoon, Friday.
The Belgian supporters of the RSCA who want to go to this meeting of the Champions League will necessarily have to use the travel system set up by the RSCA.
"The bus convoy will be escorted by the police since a former border post from Rekem until the PSG stage", passed the spokesman.
The process will be the same for the return.
"If other supporters had an intention to go to Paris by other means, French police prefecture made it known that measures were taken to make arrests or even guards to see", even announced Marie Verbeke.
Use together in French, the challenge of the school commission Marguerite-Bourgeys
At the school commission Marguerite-Bourgeys, 62% of students have a mother tongue other than French.
This is what motivated, a year ago, a consultation with parents, students, professors and members of the education staff, to think about ways to better integrate students who live in horse between several cultures.
The school commission has just unveiled its vision of "Liver together in French".
The Vision diversity organization has been around for a year in schools to help students of all origins to discover common benchmarks that are not limited to the French language.
The discovery of neighborhoods, our architecture, our places are benchmarks.
Big names of writers, artists, whether they are in strain or they came from elsewhere.
Who are our builders?
"So we create projects so that they identify with all this", explains the president of Vision diversity, Aida Kamar.
Michel Venne, from the New World Institute, identified several challenges for the school commission.
"On the transmission, for example, of the Quebec culture, the feeling of belonging, the support of staff in the transformations we live, within the student clientele", he lists.
The school commission Marguerite-Bourgeys has created a research center that will give tools to teachers who, sometimes sometimes, come from elsewhere.
Rachida Azouz, at the University of Montreal, will be the scientific director.
preparation to manage a class in a North American context, Quebecois.
"Different educational strategies, that's the real need", it does.
The research will focus on the inclusion in all its angles: linguistic, school, social and cultural.
