The functioning of mediaeval societies is a legacy of these ancient mythical and religious structures , there is continuity .
Since Westeros is more like the Middle Ages , it is more easily thought out .
Esos has a number of more antiquated coffers , such as slavery , the cement states that are thinking of Rome and Greece , the East .
I had only one experience of working , in a saving , I had to receive and orders for staff , almost all of the time I was under pressure , and I had no right to stop ( even after working 6-7 hours in affiliation ) before we finished all of them . There is a need for and deliveries to be made .
At the beginning it was cool but hard , I was happy to do something else for once , if I were to earn the money , and it was a sport , so it was all bright .
When one day one of my colleagues with whom I worked and who I would say ?
There has been a misunderstanding of the fact that foot and mouth disease is coming to an end in order to make the orders .
He and I have never heard of them , despite my many attempts ( to divide up the tasks ) .
At the end of the day , there were a number of orders , and it was also necessary to take stock of the fridge , and I would therefore like to say that I agree to make the inventory an inventory if it does the rest of the orders .
He is in agreement .
I finish the work and go home to me .
Then next Monday , I am called on to say that there is a big problem that the orders that should have been made have not been made .
They find that my colleague &apos; forgot &apos; to do his job , except that , instead of admitting him , he rejected me , I at the beginning did not understand what it was , I was asked to do it in the topical and urgent debate , in 15 minutes that was settled .
Then I am told in a royal calm that everything was my fault and I am made redundant .
I am not particularly trying to fight , the hotel was in judicial recovery , I had an air ticket scheduled in 1 months &apos; time to break me off the island for six months , so that was a bit of a bit of a bit of time and time was left for me to move .
However , I have always been in the throes of this betrayal , and for a first working experience it really is no longer complete .
LREM ’ s wet dream is true .
Do you tell me that I am like Schiappa ?
<unk> <unk> <unk>
It is not because , once again , you are deliberately ignoring the whole historical background of this , that is , a few millennia of men / women &apos;s injustice and a still macho culture .
You can make a law , a rule , without context .
A box is the same one , you would forget about a few centuries of black slave labour .
This is not a biased way of thinking , in fact , it is dishonest , because you are deliberately refusing to take into account the reality of today &apos;s society and its historical foundations , because they favour your reasoning .
And you are ignoring all the historical background of segregation between men and women to advocate segregation as the only solution to the problem we are talking about .
And do you not extrapolate me ?
You completely use the other solutions , pretending to be sorry to espousing this one , because the situation makes it necessary .
But on the subject of an application that knows the identity of all the speakers , who can know their position , who notes , who receives the comments of the clients , etc .
Do you really believe that there really is no solution than segregation ?
And when I propose the port of weapon , you claim to oppose it for ideological reasons , as I am against segregation for ideological reasons , but because it is forbidden .
However , sexual discrimination is also banned !
Come on , let us be mad , let us propose .
Because , for that to be covert on this square , the solution is that the same thing is being proposed to men to the effect that the same thing will be done to the men and to the men , which will be of no use at all , but will solve the problem .
This is a good example of how you do not read my own .
I do not want a single one .
I do not want discrimination .
As Nelson Mandela did not want blacks against whites , he wanted an end to racism .
You think that you are so small that you do not realise that people can be defended .
It is not for fear of offending the men I am against , it is for fear of offending the world .
Strengthening discrimination between men and women in the two senses , prejudices , clichés , cultural differences that explain differences in access to power .
So , if it is , a &apos; Uber feminin &apos; , as it stands , it may be a foreground ( as it says : unfortunately , because it is not , basically , I am not too much for this kind of thing , I was just saying that the simple fact that this measure is being taken shows that it is the case that The basic problem is real .
Ah ben of the demos , inevitably , there would be .
Gender clears have so much to do with society .
You know that there is no doubt that there would also be strong demand for doctors for women for women , for sports rooms reserved for women , for cafes reserved for women , for shops reserved for women , etc .
That is what you want ?
Why are you still here if you detest that sub ?
It remains to be seen that he is a con con , he is still believing in your intellectual superiority at the bottom , but he has not been a victim here .
You are insulting people without praising them , for fear that the interested parties will answer you , but behind you , you have just done your homework on two counts here .
Putin , but you have no consistency .
* The Narcho-Communist CNIL group , which is soon banned in France , following the violent attack on Google ’ s enterprise , Google .
Basher Netflix is polite to Quebec
So the slippery pieces of murician who are pulling us together with their propaganda as saviour of the free world and we are playing video games in BF1 where the French are in DLC ...
The nearest sqdc is 160km and never is anything and when yen is there 4 % of it .
I have never rested on their site .
My dealer is covered by the police .
The legalisation of the pot will cause me to smoke .
There are interiers with too much job , and the luee is expensive in elecité .
Every sensible question is answered by votes , which shows that we are on a dogma here and not logic .
That is what it was all about .
Can it be brushed off a Chrome with Fireox ?
I use that to look back .
Imagine if , as early as early childhood , your intricacies had never taken note of your duties .
Not once .
Tell you that you would have learned to write ?
It is an index which does not say anything about Ben a , has served as an indication of the cold that you are going to feel , and given that there is a caveat that makes it possible to deflect the two situations that I was taking up , I find that a little bit of a jab is taking a worse jab .
Every network can use its own formula and twewer ... Yes , but it does not mean that it is a bad thing or it is not helpful .
And then , if the public really were off the hook , you would soon see and you would read that the index serves nothing .
... ... in order to achieve the greatest dramatic effect .
That is how you see it .
There is no way of confirming the figure .
The formula is public .
Out of you you are not in a position to buy a bullgeauver , but it is derailing two measures that you can do .
It is a sign that this is an index and that it is not perfect .
Is it what you have asked for ?
Going straight to the question , you should find the world ready to help .
I am in favour of bicycles and pedestrians .
Kéné Kéné , the article of the marde ?
Who says that my jigsaw is not full ?
Make no mistake about the fact that you are launching a counterb .
What makes me most laugh about it is that it is in opposition to the peas , which we would not like to know about here .
Why has it ever been eating a soup in the pois for sugar ?
and it says that it is a guarantor of the queues of culinary culture .
I believe that , for the time being , I have ... I hope that Mr Popo will be given a quick chunk of cherry-picking .
Mr / Dego<unk> yourlife
No , the sixties were 40 years old .
To remind you : you are told that the anti-thugs law is finally going to be used to arrest the bad guys .
It is therefore necessary .
What you will not remember : crimes of aggression against individuals , of aggression against the forces of law and order , of voluntary violence , of the destruction of public furniture , of wounds and injuries exist .
The fact that this is the case is admissible as evidence .
The judge can already order preventive arrests if evidence of the plot of broadband violence is provided , such as an appeal on Facebook , thanks to the whole arsenal of the state of emergency that has been incorporated into the law .
So how do we need this new , extremely liberticide , authoritarian and dictatorial law to stop the thugs ?
When such a law makes it possible to prevent the freedom to demonstrate a judge without order , when procedural remedies can only be exercised with the assistance of a lawyer after the event , so that a judge assesses the accuracy of the measure , that the so-called use can last for years with presumption of guilt in the meantime , When such a law impedes individual freedoms , which can support it ?
The pig-pii sandwich is not worse .
Phyper Shubert is a national pride
It was easy to make chialer , but harder to ``act &apos; .
Model3 is not 100k ( <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> high° )
Ha ha !
It is true that this is a marker .
More seriously , I believe that Gerber , this Guerbère , and is a Swiss hobby .
Nothing .
The rivalry is not reciprocal , you know , I do not know whether the Italian people know that .
And then good France ’ s role in Africa , or criticize the good government ... That is what we know or are already critical of ( the safe spin is our favorite sport , for example ) .
If they want to shock us on other things , it is because everyone is crazy .
This is not even a matter for the pipe that they are sending us .
In addition , you are going to the United States and English , so we are beginning to have the hard leather .
And then it is counterproductive .
Nah ... so far as the opposite is true , because Quebec is not a country I am learning nothing .
In my country , such as the truth of the imagination , the sick are also being treated , and women are not being given birth in the street , whether foreign or not , but there is no question of that here .
In reply to your question , I did not get anything at all on a personal level , but if I were a woman on the point of birth or an immigrant waiting to have my citizenship it would disturb me .
I think that in China , India and the United States they have a radius in the delivery , and I do not think they need our help in doing so .
I notice that you do not seem to have much to say about the woman of Richmond ...
TV and press , I have eliminated it for a long time .
The Internet , no press , either .
Youtube , I am mastering the sort of régime videos or skate video video or skate videos , or information about technical subjects like that or the metre gives the news , or surprising science , to the news .
I think , therefore , that I am protected from all the propaganda .
Well , I see that you are taking the leak without any argument , while my own are very clear .
It is a shame , even though I am very liberal ( despite what you say ) , I would have liked to have seen the counter-arguments in order to enrich my thoughts on the subject .
As usual , as usual , you have nothing clever to say .
I would like everything that I would like to have a little more liberals on this sub , but unfortunately your contributions are not really .
I am going to ask you a question , a bit of a burden , of course , but it will take 1 minute to answer it .
You say that a carbon tax would not work because the population would reject it .
Illustration , yellow lifestyles .
So my question is : when do you make such a statement , is it bad faith or ignorance ?
Macroam tax the poor and redistributes to the rich .
This is strictly the opposite of what the consensus says .
It is not because macro says that it is a carbon tax .
As a result , the “ knowledge ” in economics has not helped to see the macro stronghold ?
Ignorance ?
Or do you know very well that the yellow belts are not opposed to the carbon tax as described by the consensus , but you are pretending to confuse the two in any bad faith ?
Help am full of me because I do not understand your position .
- Report : / <unk> tsdemoa
Saint Benny .
The best of both worlds .
- Report : loggers
What ’ s Prevent
Every two days , there is white skin ( if it is not too bad , if it does too little for too long ) and reapply acid .
Then there is a start .
When you see a black sack that is a good sign that the street is in the middle , normally after a couple of gruesome cycles of grubbing-up / reapplication the black sack ends up blowing with the skin and the cadel has gone .
Miam .
Nan , it is good old models , just won and equipped with &apos; sharkmutual &apos; ( because the Boeing patent has expired ) .
The point of LeMAD is that the modern anti-racists are a bad hardware with moderate whites , while MLK was soft with them .
That is the bullet .
King was radical , and forecasted radical actions that disturbed , and the whites were hitting .
King did not have a mild centrist lamb , it was an anti-imperalist , often anti-capitalist , who understood the downside of direct , or not popular , action .
It is hypocritical and anadic to use it as an example of a mediaeval , and it would have spurred on your go-ahead as the go-ahead .
They have destroyed the social dialogue .
Dis is to know what I am voting for , because he does not agree with me .
Don ’ t Stop
To Fesse-Bouc : politics , too , has a lot of chickens …
Yes , I know Hermes , but it never stolen <unk> <unk> , which did A5 with the seizure of Hermes , but the shuttle has been stolen !
The nearest to a plating vehicle is the IXV , but it is narrow for people , and no capsules have ever been finite and manpower .
Where , then , the phrase &apos; Europe has ever had a mammoth programme &apos;
Unfortunately , there was no choice ( it was a sense of feeling , of emails ) , but I agree that it would have made even more fine lines .
Having said that , I would like to say whether you have found an effective political entity which is in less than two months &apos; time .
You are turning the issue into a reality .
I did not ask for a political movement .
Just that they learn to demonstrate in law , without triggering a snapshot , that they are learning to clean up their rank &apos;s rank that is muddling their message .
If you really want to talk about political movement , even if it is a bad thing for me to have the pub , it has to be said that they have gone quickly .
All the more so as politicians have a cause , and that is what I am explaining , it is a movement that has been created in the defiance of representation .
We are reaping the will of our political classes to limit democracy to the vote .
This is in no way the result of the desire of the current policies .
This goes back much further , and it is difficult to circumvent a country of the size of France .
Above all , the maintenance of the traditional functioning of the Fifth Republic was favoured by the majority of French people who had the opportunity to vote for a candidate who proposed an opening to a 6th republic with less representation , to assemblies of professionals ... ( not perfect , but the least worst of the candidates in my view ) .
So no if you are still in the same system ( of merchant , you agree ) that is because of the choice of people .
It is childish to put the blame on the policies .
Where , then , we need to explain why rather than accuse it .
The forces of law and order must respect a graduated response and not lead the way .
There is agreement on this , and there are some bad elements in the police who may have done so .
But I sincerely believe that , in such confusion , you can return to the high part of someone &apos;s body without having been targeted at this place .
It is true that there will be a laissez-passer for the police and that this is not normal .
The work of the police is also to protect the population and also to protect the population .
Can it really protect the GJD from the thugs if the demonstrations are not declared ?
What are they giving him the means to do the work that they are asking him to do ?
Is it not the case that there is a certain degree of agreement on the part of the GJ with regard to the thugs and a desire to do so with the forces of law and order ?
They have destroyed the social dialogue .
Dis is to know what I am voting for , because he does not agree with me .
It is obvious that it cannot even be argued about an anonymous forum without being silenced by the first type that bears the brunt of the movement , ... is it not the policies that destroy the social dialogue .
It is horrified by the lack of organisation and violence that it generates .
In fact ?
I think they do not .
It is the tax of ordinary French people who will pay for repairs .
Not policies whose wages are not subject to taxation , nor the super-rich who place this in tax havens .
I think they are beginning to see that the working classes and the middle classes are waning for the benefit of the elites .
On the other hand , if he searched in the trousers in Marlene Schiappa after having put his hand to the end for having lost the fobbi challenge to try to make the homophobic joke forget the homophobic joke , it might try to see the playing field ... .
<unk> gin , Rachine or Bay .
For me , it was second knife , we all saw Philipot who had a much stronger impact on the RN , from bay to the metre he died politically .
I think that the only one who can possibly release Marine is Maron and it is clear that it can take a card .
You really do snowflake for a moo picture .
It is a marker , because it is all right , to a letter close to ...
I would like to take this opportunity to promote the promise of a &apos; r / r / ivreviral &apos; .
The Big Survey
I did not , unfortunately , by contrast , by the time the card had the season , I paid EUR 100 I went on 30euro .
. ( FR ) Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr President , for his report .
The article was wrong , rather it was 25k .
And any act of automation must be validated by a moderator .
In that case , it will affect other wine-growing regions .
I understand , my rendition of Redditgift has also taken a moment to take a step backwards .
He is silent on the prayer of his prayer : &apos; Oun Oun Ouin , we shall keep black and white .
That is very much my boy .
There are two ways to draw attention to this : to be the most densely voted or to be voted on .
Thank you for your contribution .
I believe that the SQDC would have a competition that will never be approved by the Quebec ( CAQ , PQ , QS ) government .
Don ’ t cotton , perhaps , do it ?
I have been in the same case , and have been for the last six years , for two years that I have been unable to find the motivation , I am going to last the job and spend a lot of time reading articles or tracking back .
The worst thing is that my boy is happy with me .
I lost the interest of the job , a new project will motivate me a few weeks and after nothing more .
There is a great deal of concern about my older people , it is about social networks , WhatsApp and snapshat .
I am going to clamp down on and limit it by the livebox .
She told me that it is a network of old cons .
It is fair that Spoiler should be able to read : they do not go on sites as restated .
And , at the same time , I would find it hard to advise someone to have more confidence in a forum than a health professional , diplomatically , in practising medicine .
Because if he goes on Dr Doctissimo , I will give him a long time to live . )
On top of that , the last time I entered a pharmacy : ‘ Good morning , I am going to travel , and I would like to have a kitchen against the mosquitoes .
Yes , we have classic sprays .
Otherwise , it was homeopathy , you took an tablet and the mosquitoes are laughing you .
From homeopathy ?
Against the mosquitoes ?
Yes , yes .
And I tried , it works !
&apos;And when I was small , my family doctor told me about it !
Well , at least I can say that , from my personal experience , it really serves no purpose . )
In short , the malaise is profound ...
There was not a horizontal video on the other day that spoke of the sea-effects .
But if !
&apos;This has been the wrong way to go !
But the weapon is not in question ! &apos;
One would think of the NRA on fringe .
Europe ’ s ghostats
on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group . - ( DE ) On Wednesday , I finished a short history of the time of the fire of late Stephen Hawking .
As much as three-quarters of the book made me feel intelligent , because I understood everything , as much as the end has kept me up - we must not give up a paragraph on the running , otherwise we will start again !
I will certainly hold him back in VO , a story to see if this is because of the translation .
This morning , I launched a joke of the &apos; Bat de Kosigan &apos; cycle of Fabien Cerutti , the first book of the &apos; Bat de Kosigan &apos; cycle .
From the fantasy hobby , which cites G.R. R. Martin and Jaworski as influences .
In a few pages I am not going to go too far to judge the pen , but so far I have been very happy !
The format of very short chapters is perfect for reading in any case .
Listen , they did not make a great mistake , the QE ended the same score as they started the campaign .
There has been a slow recovery of 24-25 % on the day of the 3 in debate , and the QE has returned to 17-18 % the week after .
I am perplexed by the way in which it has been set out in the third debate .
He could have played a smokescreen , and perhaps the QE could have recovered in the 26-27 % , to see the position of those who can beat the LQ , but the pro-CAQ narrative was firmly established since the part of Louis-Hebert .
The Lisa plan has not been market .
People did not so much want a progressive social democratic alternative .
Those who vote on the left went to QS and Monic in Terregood to the CAQ .
He has stayed on the floor of the PQ the hardliners .
I just hope that we have learned that , the time to be reasonable is over , that QS has picked up the young people by offering the most haled baked programme that I have seen in my life . It does not like the same thing , but it is going to be more of the same .
There must be an independent bread , even if it means taking a step backwards and accepting that we will not be able to take power in 2022 .
2 cents .
Tartarin
He had escaped me completely , but I did not have all the notions to understand some of the things that were heard ( there was no Internet at that time ) .
Starting for the Age of Age
mEpreILKlass
On reading , in a neutral text , I think it is much better to read the text that goes against the gender perspective rather than to read the bigent or not .
The iel ( he or she ) , an aunt or uncle , cheese ( either sister or sister ) , make reading very difficult , while you have the chance to speak French with a rich vocabulary that allows these easy jokes to be avoided .
How do I deal with the official mobile apple in order to replicate a comment ?
Long support is very strong , but it is not possible to redeem , and that is where it should be .
So there is nothing statue about &#91; Brexit in general &#93; as I understand it .
Spon
It takes jobs that French young people do not want to exercise .
Hu , no .
They take the salaries that employers do not want to give to a Frenchman .
The juggernaut of the job-l-lesbian is a salutary by the bourgeois who have never shunned their feet in a pole of jobs .
I would like to know how it is to find a yob in the field in Quebec ( salary / requirements in general ) .
It is the job shortage in Quebec in Quebec , which is very easy to find , even with &apos; fair &apos; a DEC , for if you want to be a development , for example , you will not wait long for that .
pay will vary widely according to the employer : SMEs , government , consultants , etc .
There is nothing to be said about sending your CV to know more .
Having said that , I invite you to look at the general package .
One of my regrets is that we have been working at the start of a career in poorly organised SMEs with low wages and no pension funds or other benefits .
Many SMEs boast of a cool culture , but are going to propose ridiculous pay increases every year .
Smoking up time , the market is at your best !
And , if someone has made a Dec-Bac route in computing , is it what it is all about ?
I have the same profile and I have never regretted having a Bac .
The only thing is that , in retrospect , I would have been better advised to make software because it is more applied to me .
The Bac in Info in Laval , at the very least , had many more theoretical courses that were not so interesting .
At the level of the southerner , DEC really depends on what you want to do in the longer term .
It is not all the world that demands it , but having a Bac opens more doors if you want to pass on an Archtect day or make the management of projects or other management posts .
If there are other issues , I am in Quebec , and I know the market well to recruit for more than 10 years .
It comes from the FBB page &apos; GCC 3000 &apos; , which is , I have to say , of quite a high quality .
On FRANIIS !
Thinking about the fact that the passing of the human race is innacious .
One day , you will have to realise that you are in a self-destructive exercise in the overthrow of values .
By legitimizing the illegal entry of the country to illegal entry , but who knows , who knows , we probably need to give up our society so dysfunctional that it causes the envy of the Third World .
<unk> gtt; he danced on the <unk> <unk> ungran music of conspiracy ?
Sorry
Firex has the very bad name in terms of a flight of memory .
So much the better for you if you do it well .
You have also made a point about the people who are talking about their windows by making it clear that a better OS is a better one .
My dear Communist friend , dear Mr Marchis , you should also post on the massacres carried out by your communist comrades in the past .
Let us begin by putting its own house in order .
CQFD
It always depends on what people are looking for .
A poor &apos; CNN + VPN + bicycle obtained through gypsies bought via the intermediary &apos; will be enough to go to the moc or to the mec that wants to buy drugs on the Internet .
But real anonymity is a double life , a lot of friction and time , and the least mistake can be made .
No , there is no such thing .
Mets in a laser laser , it is cold and you will have a cancer in five minutes .
Because the solar radiation is high , there are eggs , but it is decoupled .
The average French who is skiing is just as much carcinogenic at the end of the day , but it has not been warm .
Firstly , I am not very offended .
I simply think it is a lack of sensitivity towards the victims and , above all , their families .
My indignation is more on the author of the images who wanted to make money with , I imagine .
I can only speculate about its real motives .
To try to think of having tragically lost one or the other loved ones and seeing them in a fiction of fiction .
Not a reconstruction of so-called events to the news , not a documentary , not a film on the subject , but a completely detached script .
People who give psychological and moral support to the survivors always advise to avoid new ballots for several weeks .
There are too many events that are too big to avoid , such as 11 September , which was mentioned earlier .
The families of the victims of 9 / 11 did not watch Flight 93 , neither the French documentary on the fire brigade , nor the film with Nik Cage , etc .
But if we used the images of the towers that are crumbling in a film about the apocalypse , they would be right to feel flouted or insulted .
In the case of Bird Box , this is a sequence of what , just 2 seconds , and again ?
But it is a trigger for someone who lost his family in an accident and who is trying to distraction with a good sense of horror , so that , in the middle of the film , he revises the explosion of his wife or friends or friends ...
The problem is that the fictitious laziness makes gestures insensitive to their producers .
It is not clear to make an explosion of this intensity and it costs an arm .
Why not take a real ?
Now , perhaps , &apos; because people have died &apos; could weigh a little more in the balance .
No , clearly not .
To say that this is mainly popular among far-right nationalist parties .
What like other parties for a brake ?
And then the two years have at least proved the difficulty of negotiating the agreements to 1 to 27 .
To say &apos; this , but not ironically &apos; .
In the words of the Bock-Ivé writings , we are trying to bring the whites together and to dissociate the blacks .
It is true to say that some of them are being applied !
Well , reply for iOS ...
If you wish , for example , to set up Spotify , but you do not want it to have the list of contacts , Spotify will not work ...
Not everything is really superseding .
You have been told , for the sake of excitement , that there is a Dezer among other things .
I want POTIFIY and nothing else ...
<unk> gt. The PQ was in power , or the anglos were hushed up .
The Frankfurt , too , were hysterical , let us keep our heads in the sand ...
The creator of the movement is an unconditional fan of E.Macron.
The English-speaking speakers are dead
BEN TOIs , EU EEAEDS EN TABARNACK AVEC BEENNSNE
At the same time , being in Barcelona does not mean warmth all the year .
It is a port city , after all .
( The rank of my uncle lives in an old building , in the center of Barcelona , the thermal insulation is filled , then it also doubles in winter and probably shares your pain ) .
I should like to make a point of order .
I am interested in ideas not to the people .
I find it legitimate to have a fear of immigration from people from other continents with other cultures and how to perceive the world .
It is even natural to see it as wilderness , it is a very humane reaction to preservation .
What is not as you are or is not familiar with a fear , a curiosity will see a rejection .
Especially when it can see some of the problems associated with immigration ( the examples it gives ) .
I find it legitimate for a population to have concerns about immigration .
And I think it is less legitimate to make a mockery of it .
These are not arguments , they are not arguments , they are mapping .
It repeats , repeats , and repeats once again , when something is wrong , does not understand what is inconvenient for the sole purpose of trumping a message .
He sometimes has some interesting arguments .
And he is interested in a subject which is close to his heart .
People who regularly apply on ecology , for example , are not judged by them , although they are close to their hearts .
After weary debates it is something else , and everyone can interpret things differently .
It repeats , repeats , repeats and repeats for the sole purpose of trumping a message .
Ah , let us have another xenophobic opponent !
Unbelievable , you are multiplying !
There is a need for fear of the big replacement ? &apos;
It is like the pub .
When you say , repeat , that in such a shop it is cheaper , that there is such a reduction , and so on ; it is not arguments .
The aim of the message is not to be an argument .
The aim is to exist and to occupy space .
That is something we can agree on .
There is no basis for this .
There is nothing more than the expression of a profound hatred of those who have identified as foreigners .
I think there is a substance .
He believes that immigration is not something of a beatitum , according to him .
He is therefore trying to draw attention to what he thinks is important and the negative side .
Not that there is a problem with people in particular ( such as a more French immigrant than the French ) , but with the principle of multiculturalism , demography , and religion .
In fact , I am aware of this , but I am talking to me about it .
I put a quotation on the forum to support my first point ( thankfully that I remember the name of the author ) .
The oldest attitude , which is probably based on sound psychological foundations , since it tends to reappear in each of us when we are placed in an unexpected situation , consists purely and simply of repudiating the cultural , religious , social and aesthetic forms that are the most remote . Of those we identify with .
‘ Wild life ’ , ‘ this is not our home ’ , ‘ we should not allow this to happen ’ , ‘ it should not be allowed ’ , etc . , so many crude reactions that reflect the same brother , the same repulsion in the presence of ways of living , of believing or of thinking that we are alien .
Thus , in ancient times , she was basing everything that was not part of the Greek ( and then Greco-Roman ) culture under the same name as barbarians ; Western civilization then used the term wild in the same direction .
Behind these epithets is the same judgement : it is likely that the barbarous word refers to the confusion and inarticulation of the birds ’ song , which is opposed to the meaning of the human language ; and wild , which means ‘ forest ’ , as well as a sort of ‘ forest ’ . Animal life as opposed to human culture .
&#91; ... &#93; this attitude of thought , on behalf of which we reject the ‘ wild ’ ( or all those who are chosen to regard it as such ) out of humanity , is precisely the most significant and instinctive attitude of these very savages .
&#91; ... &#93; <unk> gtte stop at the borders of the tribe , from the language group , sometimes even from the village ; so much so that a large number of so-called primitive populations are themselves naming a name that means &apos; men &apos; ( or sometimes - shall we say with more discretion ? – the ‘ Good , the “ excellent ” , the “ full ” – involving other tribes , groups , or villages do not participate in virtues or even human nature , but are at most compound of “ bad ” , “ bad ” , “ monkeys , ” or “ from the bottom up . ” pou eggs . ”
We often go so far as to deprive the foreign of the latter of reality by making it a ‘ ghost ’ or ‘ appearance ’ .
As a result , there are curious situations in which two interlocutors find themselves in a hurry .
In the Great Antilles , a few years after the discovery of America , while the Spaniards sent committees of inquiry to find out whether the indigenous people had a soul or not , they were trying to immerse prisoners of conscience , in order to check , by means of prolonged surveillance , if their corpses were to be found . It was or not subject to the putrefaction .
&#91; ... &#93; ... by refusing humanity to those who appear to be the most “ wild ” or “ barbarians ” of its representatives , only to borrow one from their typical attitudes .
The barbaric is first and foremost the man who believes in barbarism .
When studying such facts – and other areas of civilization , such as social institutions , art , religion , and religion , as well as other areas of civilization – one wonders whether human societies do not define themselves , with regard to their mutual relations , by a certain optimist . Diversity beyond which they cannot go , but below which they cannot , either , come out of danger &apos; .
It is a case of greater diversity , and it is the relationship with the other cultures that are compromised .
Less diversity , and every culture in itself is at risk .
&#91; ... &#93; too many differences , and the gap becomes insurmountable ; not enough gap , and identity is dying .
. I am opposed to the abuse of language by which , increasingly , we are confusing racism and normal , legitimate attitudes , which are , in any case , inevitable .
Racism is a doctrine that claims to see in the intellectual and moral character attributed to a set of individuals the necessary effect of a common genetic heritage .
One cannot accept under the same heading , or automatically ascribe to the same prejudice the attitude of individuals or groups that their loyalty to certain values is partly or totally insensitive to other values .
He is in no way guilty of putting a way of living and of thinking above all others , and of having little attraction to such or such , whose kind of life , respectable in itself , is moving too far away from the one that has traditionally been attached .
This relative insecurities may even be the price to be paid if the value systems of each spiritual family or community are to be preserved , and they can find the resources for their renewal in their own resources .
If , as I have written elsewhere , there is a certain diversity of diversity between human societies beyond which they cannot go , but below which they cannot go without danger either , it must be acknowledged that this diversity is largely the result of each culture ’ s desire to oppose those that are surrounding the environment . To distinguish itself from them , in a word to be self-sufficient : they do not know , they go down on the occasion , but in order not to perish , it is essential that , in other reports , there is a degree of impermeability between them .
The company knew .
They knew about it .
WHAT THE FUDES !
It is easy to say that this is easier said than done , but a company that leaves a person deserves to have to resign .
Not for the world that runs counter to you .
So , a liquid glass is not a molecle , but a molecule ...
In fact , the sun is very dangerous behind a slightly naked sky , because IR / UV rays arrive on the guise without being trusted .
You know , in these days you are watching , because the sky is glimmer of light , although you do not see the sun .
They are said to be special advisors of the Élysée Elysée .
At the moment , it is at the beginning .
There is also the DSK-boy choice , or even with whom Macron wanted to set up a cultural start-up if it did not win the presidency .
Or , ex de Havas .
And , after that , it may not be a bad thing either .
It is already a good thing that there is nothing to understand from the message .
The Edge Lords , which cries out for freedom of expression , are very important .
It is not , therefore , that they believe in the black lords in France , as you say .
There are other subjects which are of more interest to them .
This is really a matter of americ-americin .
Report : Mr / okus / -r / gopreo / r / Mr EatheapAnHealy /
Of course , but it was ( normistly ) punished by the law .
Indeed , it is not strong , even if it is more or less recent .
On the other hand , the Quebec government and the government of Canada are financed by Videideology .
It was by André Savé and the whole team in general ...
In connection with RBO : like RBO , today , if you give the staff of this sketch a chance to speak , I am not quite sure that they will not defend tooth and soul what they are doing .
After all , society is changing , we would not be doing the same sketch today ... I hope ...
<unk> gin Puffi , I have been looking for a moment ...
Above all , the appliance was consumed on a massive scale .
LCD , CRT , portable ATX , LED light bulb light bulbs .
That is done away with .
It is not , however , the first time that you have been taken up for the spam , calling for moderation in comments rather than carryovers and / or modal shifts .
Last but not least .
Inspective Infohers , she has a foundation on the ground , and she is grappling , the best fighting if she seeks another tap in the IT .
But there is a need for further training .
Otherwise , the algorithm of the algorithm on its free time will come .
However , Ahwé ...
Fishing has less than 10 % ... the &apos; CJD support &apos; seems beautiful and all too well .
If you do not vote against francophone francophone you are not an angyphone .
But not , just the SRS / GM / Bataders , which are doing a high level with their weapons that fall short of the regulatory distance , those who tap several of the men and women on the ground , those who follow the orders of the idiots by a rash hierarchy and A minister for strawberries .
The first demand is that of Macron Demissii .
It is not always wonderful for owners either .
Whatever happens , owners are still owners of the building ; they have a capital with which they can borrow to invest and thus have more money .
Let them at least have the decency not to make chicanery ...
All the same , I am quite happy ( after 1 year in Freemoble for roughly the same supply and price , but not the same network ) .
A newspaper .
Let us make use of it , each time .
In the end , it is the one that has the best documentation that wins .
Pilleir , clearly .
We are on Saturday morning .
You are awakening in a second state and preparing to prepare , &apos; I am still going to be late in the college ! &apos;
The bell has already been held back in the semi-desert places .
You are engulfed in the building , you are going to the main &apos; Ah madman Bubu , finally !
But don &apos;t go , you are expected in A108 ! &apos;
Four to four , you monster the marches .
A108 ?
You do not remember such a chamber , by which I mean this unfamiliar establishment .
How did you arrive here , first ?
You were at your home , who was late ... and afterwards ?
Nothing makes sense .
At the next turning point , A108 , you know for yourself .
You are sitting in the door for a moment .
You can hear voices , chairs , and then an adult in order to silence .
The course apparently started , can be that you are not so late in the day !
You are entering the room ... Ta simple presence commands the silence requested a little earlier .
The pupils are setting it , and the present adult is pushing a sigh of relief by seeing &apos; you are here , you are all ! &apos;
He is leaving the room , leaving only around 30 years of children to the tune of 30 years .
You have banned you .
A pupil seated in the front row .
It is a knee-jerk sign that you wish to speak &apos; What is going to be studied today , Madam ? &apos;
You have the nausea .
What is happening ?
No , no !
I cannot work for national education , the Libre Forum - 201919-22 https : / / www.regdit.com / r / ajx62 / forum _ 20190122 / 445 / 445 21535 Nooon !
- Towards rotten / 10 .
Thank you all .
Casses you pot poon .
And you , the connectors , are going to vote for it .
Hourk the last ... he threw eggs on the ground ?
A European list of the GJ led by Levavassa has also been confirmed .
I was from the North , therefore , that part was interesting , I am not familiar with the Basque country at all , but I did have my doubts that it was a little caricature !
( The same is true of Bienz in the Chents ) .
Apparently , the author is happy with the Basque country , I have seen that another of his novels is also at loggerheads .
I will move on to St. Eleven after she finished Rewd , thank you for the advice : )
Large French schools do not have the criteria for the same course .
It was for that reason that Paris-Tech or Paris Sacconi was set up to make a Faculty from Harvard ’ s scale ...
According to the article , according to the article that you share , he is not playing a stamp in front of him , but is seeking to interpose between those who are insulting the gamgomen and children .
In the full video , we see exactly that India , which is a democrat , comes in the middle of young men and women in the ears of the young in the ears of the young person in question .
If he had brought it before the young black people , it would have hailed .
LaoeuroduPope - <unk> gin pedalers ( Upa )
It is a method of establishing all those who are not Brunet as necessarily manipulated or in the face of the FLN because of &apos; leftist &apos; , while at the same time refuting their qualifications very much on the ideology .
The accusations levelled at the mistakes of others are based only on links that have little to do with the first ties and their content with the subject .
You know what they do not say , and I have shown it ( except on the blog in Brunet , which supports the opinion of Brunet ( surprise ! ) , and the other pays ) .
Why do you not do so when you do not say it yourself ?
comment that is sympathetic to the Rules of Procedure
No-one has put up a &apos; r / pististings &apos; , amazingly .
That is confused ... I always have to vote on the post and the comments ...
Is it the age of age ?
With or without the parents &apos; agreement ?
And what about the child ?
And the rights of children ?
I have people in my entourage between 16 and 18 .
Are they considered a child ?
I would be homophobic , because I will go back to the abduction of the dspheroria ?
While I am attracted by femininity ?
The same is true of the idiosyncrasies .
It is not even a germ of speeches about abstract work and dissociation and is therefore intrinsically conservative .
Moreover , the voting system is pushing for consensus and discouraging the arrival of minority ideas , a new source of conservatism .
<unk> gtte , Pardon .
It is enough at least to check whether it revolves around tone and leaves it to lay the foundations .
It is not , but a lot of games can end at 10-15h , and a limit must be set .
I think that all of these behaviour that you are going to take will be erroneous over time if there is more anonymity .
We will be much more comedian , more friendly with people who are in difficulty ( if you may be more careful than if you do not know what their protagonists will not ) , perhaps the fetishism will be so commonplace that no one is paying attention to it and the flip . It is not possible to spill over because ... he has no anonymity , and you will be able to know that he is stalling his exam .
As I said , I know that it is hard to go further , because in the short term there will no doubt be abuses .
But , in the long run , I think that we have won .
Bof , it is supposed to be proud of his ancestors and company , but what about his achievements ?
This person obviously still has everything to prove .
Tomorrow , I , too , can go and say , looking at our monuments , is something else that one hut in the jungle always is , that I am as incapable of building a hut as to erid a monument .
I am well acquainted with the attitude of those who attack him , but respond to him by losing his cold blood with a reformer which for the dwellers who have after him validate their ideas is not malignant .
There is nothing healthy in a debate where you stand as an argument for what the whites have done without them .
In the same way that there is nothing healthy to refuse to study authors or part of history for reasons as they are found in the article .
Therefore , talking about race in France is the first stage of racism , but it is not racism .
So the first step to be racist is not the first stage to be racist .
And then people can say &apos; race &apos; has the twin and the newspapers , or even the radio , it will be said to be &apos; of origin &apos; .
They make the biggest fool with Moudenc the infiltrating them .
Yes , but serious , because on the side of the road .
In the powdered boxes of powdered boxes to be lifted .
Asoner must take a pot of pot to the Moroccan , as they are all returned to the Vacon Gaters .
Heckling
No more than the SQDC inventory
Outside and I am already beginning to make myself low , it is a pleasure for you not to become insensitive , thank you for the effelelists !
Eereeet _ <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
We do not allow this kind of sledgehammer to go under because :
1 . You are too many with your studies .
2 . It falls under the control of self-promotion .
When you had days 7h-23h ...
The problem is precisely that it has never said &apos; no &apos; , always &apos; I am too sorry I cannot ... &apos; .
But I interpret it as a &apos; no &apos; vote .
Again = 2 times
There is nothing , it has not returned to me .
I will not go back today , I am afraid that it shows too much that I want to leave ( my official speech is &apos; I want to stay , now if you want me to pay &apos; .
I would relax tomorrow at the worst , put a bull in me for tomorrow afternoon : )
The detached libertarians and their pavlovien reflex reflex .
At least Fred dubé has been shattered out of radio , and I think it is right .
I am very much represented in the Holy Religion , the same one which has shown the floor of the ordinary General Assembly of the Digital Diettes in Grand Schism .
This speech , which said at Saint Benedict to postpone it , that the whole jubilation of the fine heralding of otemptation is a misplaced misplaced what the Holy Setting is to the judgment of our beatitudes .
Confidence II of the collegiate population , the episcoal John XXIII , has canvassed the whip of the tridite rite according to the pontificate Latin synopate .
The bishops have the right to the ecclesiastical pastorality of the tridentiistic missions of Emmatis and Saint Francis , as validated by the neo-blessed theoologists , who obviously went through .
In the form of the ministerial magazine , as we can see here , is the Holy Kevin pumm of Galin , the Saint Quiqor , the Rereformed Church Berne-Jura-Solor , which will only be more controversial . It is difficult to return to the taste of the unanamotic oases of exotic ecumenisms .
Or , more clearly , for everyone if habeas corpus quotations fluctuate neec mergitur ( inspired by the unknown – hermetic languages )
Come on / notorct
IT IT IT IT GOS IT IT GOS IT IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES GUILLIIIIIIIIIIIA IT GOES IT GOES IT
It is necessary to ask the Uberbeelle waffenrammarheit , the above death , to be asked .
Just for the sake of you .
It looks like a glamb of the masterpiece of how to manage this underhand .
I do not envy them .
However , I would like to say that it is a question of rewriting words quoted by an anonymous opponent .
It does not really have any value .
I want a source with figures on imprisonment , because the number of people in prison and the number of deaths , and why .
In other words , we can find the Cergy Pref as a symbol of modernity in a petty city ( but in spirit it is Dallas , US of A , and all the tabloid ) of film I as Icare .
( Top film in the passage )
It is very good that I have written an article about the falsehood of his own pictures . I am really crazy .
You are really stubbornly on the veracity of the two photographs ?
I have never been able to deny that these two Facebook glaciers were quickly found , making a package in less than 10 miles on PicMonkey for the kik to illustrate a concept .
<unk> gin , however , Radio Canada did not see fit to ask me before shouting with the plot ( the powder hahadaha , long the media that talk about real affairs ... ( sic ) ... serious , if just the time to read a single text today , read the Devole ; The article that was quoted first in the booster . )
It would have been a little more time if I could have taken a little more time .
( However , I am not paid for it ; all this graphic work is voluntary ... POL ) : P But walls square if the glaciers are not original ?
Their task is to illustrate something !
You have succeeded in seeing the &apos; big bust ? &apos;
The idea is to understand the urgency of an energy revolution and to reflect on human stupidity ( melting glaciers , deforestation , the extent of tar sands , animal carnage , industrial monoculture , the oligarchy , the gap of social classes , and so on . c ) TOUT has risen for 10 years ... # WakhaUPople # Foster # LOL
It is condescending on ridiculous subjects such as the kik to illustrate a concept , the use of the word fickering in one title , of a profusion of profusion , the obvious desire for self-promotion on the pretext , the use of Hashtag or general ignorance . That misinformation or deception is counter-productive to promote a cause , ... that person is a good example of the whole problem of social media .
If the quebris is nice or not , then everything depends on how you travel .
Yes , I have already seen more warmth , but it remains the case that the queues remain in my top 3 friendly side .
There is no need for us to define .
We have peoples who are , first and foremost , very warm , but that you will never have any link other than the surface with them .
While they are less warmer at the beginning , they will end up making friends for life .
I find that the queues are more in the 2nd category , while the OC is more than the first one , according to my experiences .
It is dependent on you , or on you .
A Sunday after lunchtime is not like a show at the peak of the day .
Yes , it is so much the biggest problem for the unemployed in France .
Not the funding that is spent in rotten projects , not the jobs that serve nothing , not the lack of health and justice , and so on .
Clearly a few unemployed people who abuse this is a bigger problem , and I am on the assumption that it is these people who lose billions every year .
Why do you not make intolerant statements where there is no tolerance ?
It is a shame .
I like their service and their mobile application .
But I imagine that the lack of taxi has not helped , because the demand is there .
We will end up with the fact that , with the 1 ) , tax on the diamonds of diamonds / hoop / etc / etc or 2 - a company with a marde like UBER .
Joy <unk> <unk>
But in a proportionally richer country .
But continue to pinpoint the stars and continue to vote for the same representatives if you think that the &apos; situation has improved &apos; .
That is your absolute right to be “ as it is : and as the poverty threshold is a relative measure , ” we can continue this methodological debate for a very long time : – – – – – – –
I just hope that this way of thinking of inequality will be less and less widespread .
There is a lot of context , but let us try !
1 - Yes .
In the case of 3 , the context is still crucial .
4 : A debate / evidence from a judicial point of view , in my view of the influence of X on Y. But , if it is not a murderer , it is colluding with murder / incidental to murder / youre , down by muthafuka , in my view .
5 : &apos; There is no 5 bidel &apos; , and I am disappointed that this is the case .
6 : I can imagine that , by studying the level of awareness of risks ( such as it was incongruous or otherwise , or that it has been said to be &apos; it is going to rise by dozens and I am tying it out &apos; , the murder can be regarded .
7 - 9 : no , but it is a level 2 .
10 : no , it is soft , but the cause-and-effect relationship is too difficult to establish .
11 : it is far too uncertain .
It is absolutely impossible to guarantee that an action will not lead to the death of anyone , just as the opposite is the case .
So you always come to scenarios or you can argue that , despite the potential potential death of some , other actions that are more praiseworthy on paper would ultimately present the same risk .
My answer specifically focused on the Cunu Request Research , not all aid to the private sector .
Having said that , I am a little disappointed with the votes received on my comment ( I do not specifically target my comment ) , while I was only giving an opinion in a respectful manner .
If you make your product from X + 3 to X 236 , then the product is already expensive and the price increase to compensate for the tax will not be felt by consumers , or it will be too important for consumers to be able to continue to offer it and return to an alternative .
If you want to lower the demand to increase &apos; only &apos; by 1.5 ° C , is it not better not to ensure that practices that jeopardise this objective are no longer possible ?
Do you want to continue to make a profit until such time as this is no longer possible ?
The federal tax system is already being levied .
It will not , and he knows this very well .
On the one hand , it is a little crisis , it is a little crisis for patriots , it is a history to convince them to continue not to vote on the PQ to the next election .
It was also a promise of QE .
But for Legult it is a more important promise because his thesis is that we can seek all the powers that we need in Ottawa without independence .
So it is Ottawa .
Either we take them by force , as Driad has done .
But this government does not have the opportunity to keep the status quo , or it will end up with the same referendum position as Pauline Maris .
In other words , &apos; what is &apos; what &apos; is &apos; Kecsele &apos; ?
A Big Number of Europe ’ s Official Campaign
Gozer the Vyager will arrive in a pre-selected form !
During the Vuldrome rectification , the Vaager appeared like a turbulent Torb .
Then , during the third reconciliation of the last Meknetrex , they chose a new form : that of a giant Shloar !
Many Shubs and Zuus knew that they were going to rob the depths of the Shloar on that day , I can tell you .
It was not a vote of the Members of the European Parliament ?
It would be bizarre because LREEM blaming a Member of the European Parliament for a vote of a Member of the European Parliament or they have never been elected .
We can launch a 3rd under , where you put the time when the mondos left a trick that you like , or turn a trick that you like .
You could call it a &apos; r / ColaboInFrance &apos; !
The protagonist is that technology is developing this and that the cold will be a problem even more .
But , in any case , eight years is guaranteed to be guaranteed for eight years .
And a total of $ 40,000 cost $ 40,000 a three years .
Essentially , the current price of battery replacement is not so important if it really is 40k in 10 years &apos; time when you will need to change you just to sell the test and buy another tank with this price in 10-year years . I am at a loss to see whether the best solution for the moment is to wait for the offer of the metering that is being made calmly .
The primary aim of Elon Musk is to get the battery off the hook .
At the end of the day , it is the factory plant that is going to be more or less safe , and it is going to be the case that everyone will need a battery .
What is the colon that really does have that garden ?
Meme the English Anglo of the most social court justice that “ beats ” the vintage minerals are a country .
r / photoshaopbatti
I say : I got it wrong .
I was talking about the Pope in Marseilles .
It has been a wake-up call for two years .
A good-drunk canada costs $ 900 , which is what the argument then for a “ Quebec ” metre for 1,000 is reasonable . It is all reasonable to assess the truths at the cost of using clothes .
It is on the one hand that it is a first , but a duket mantle , of luxury that is worse .
The fact is that we are talking about Patrick Lagacé here with a great deal of means of buying a quartz or a Kanuk , for example .
It was on that that if you were not supposed to be supposed to be buying more cheaply more cheaply / min and min in chine and that was all very well .
Of course , the best you can do is to buy old egg overhead in kijiji , which is worth $ 80 in cash , but it is not ubiquitous and a cap .
It is almost worse !
A Roman slaves to my Aceh
I am against salad Caesar and any of the speakers in the name of Caesar are racist !
And Casar Palace a true anthem has the Roman climb , the fight is no longer dead , but a gangrene that provides the right to the patriarchate of the right ( inserving a word has 100 pipes ) .
I would like to say a few words on the subject .
Frero and / or Delavela
Why do you call it crypto-tane ?
She is Die Linke , but about liberal positions in Vououfakis .
I would like to think that I can imagine the results of the containment .
Do not disappoint me , 4chan or joc
Lol , I live on the Tuar , the nearest reticence is Wémountains , and it is 120km in wood for the final reason to get rock rocks because it is white .
I am going to order online , but it is expensive as it is .
In the trader , you have a fake competition that you can have about $ 7 for $ 30 in bickering pots .
Here is 10 + gram .
Memus buying in oz cares is not worth it .
I can have a good-flight oking for $ 80-100 , but the two times that I have come out of my own dealer yla 2 police who were waiting around the block so much .
Tk is a shambles .
After the suburbs , the ecolos , the call is trying to enlarge a whole whole to their party .
Well , Coq to the bec or Scores if I am bogged down .
Strangely , most third-world countries have a significant share of their foreign currencies through their remittances abroad .
It is almost as if they are encouraging the emigration of their demographic surplus , which is otherwise going round in circles .
It is obvious that the law of the soil is exploitable and is being exploited by modern means of transport .
The Pacers are curbed with the children of the country that is exploding :
- Danny Granger
- Paul George and his leg in 2
- Diplomacy now
After his career is far from over , some players return to 100 % of their level , and the good news for him is that he has done little to develop his game in order not to be based solely on his explosiveness in recent years .
However , it remains a pity for Indy who was developing a frankly covenant game this year .
They can get their fingers in the fingers of having lost Tyreke Evans this summer , he could have taken the baton ( though it is bad this year ) .
No Leader , however ,
Maduro is an elected president .
The House of Representatives is an elected chamber that is not along the same lines as the government , in what kind of dictatorship is this serious ?
Those who are in favour of the opposition and who are in prison are putschists and have taken the lead in arms , and even though I believe that this is a justifiable form of opposition , I believe that the reason for their imprisonment is clear .
How can you refute the outcome of the election of May 2018 , which saw Maduro re-elected , but accept that of the laws of the same government ?
There is a logic here .
And yet it is daring and , above all , with no reason to say Maduro that he rigged his election , the right and the extreme right boycotted the election rate of participation .
There is a duster that has been banned because he has a script attitude he has complained about , and he has complained about and complained about .
Now the false septic that is one / r / metaquac overblown on / or Quebec
He said that the debate on France 2 was not interested in it ?
Instead , he spoke about Macron ’ s “ great national debate ” ( or did he say that he thought it was a deception ) ?
Because I find it difficult to see Melche refuse a television debate .
Tabarback is you the pqists today ?
Food ookaaaaaay .
I would like to undo a pile of stereotypes in this comment .
I am polite , so I did not lament anyone over the last few days when the world ( more specifically the media ) broke the “ storm of the century . ”
That is all !
Firstly , I have already seen worse times in the year I spent in Bas-San Laurent .
From a person &apos;s point of view , I could easily have laughed out of the Quebec ( which could also have laughed at the Montrealese , because I spent a winter in Montreal as well , and that was nothing to do with the winter in Quebec ) .
Secondly , as Albertin , I could have laughed out of the Quebec who annulled all the plans , sports matches and so on because of the &apos; so dangerous &apos; conditions .
I did not lament , because I understand that it is prudent not to take risks when you are not used to it .
But this storm was like every other storm in meadows every year .
I , and I , have been living in the same way as I did in the same city , on the motorway , on the mountains in the mountains ( the worst ) almost always without winter tyres and always in a small tank ( traction before ) and without incident .
It is quite easy , it is not like a con and is aware of the condition of the road by testing the brakes often and when no one is close .
Thirdly , I have halted Edmonton several years .
That is your comment .
I confess that the city of Quebec is better than Edmonton ( Quebec is so similar to 3x the snow ) , but Edmonton is a good one by dwindling .
The world fails only because small residential streets ( whose city has caused too much of it ) are not treated in the first place .
But the city is rapidly releasing the roads for buses and other main roads .
They manage the snow efficiently in Edmonton .
Finally , your comment of the British people of Colombia was full of mistakes .
You have parted the Lower Mainland ( a metro Vancouver ) and forgot that the other million km of kilometre will be snow , especially in the mountains .
The non-Colombians who are outside Vancouver are quite accustomed to doing so .
It is better than many in the city .
In addition , how many of the West ’ s “ Chinese ” “ Chinese ? ”
I know the situation in Vancouver too much , but Alberta has people of Chinese origin , including second-generation , which are as competent as the others because they were born in Alberta .
Life is not impossible , if that is what you want to hear .
But not to be in opposition is all .
It is an impression that the government in France is setting itself up as a benefit or your access to a good in particular ( such as gasoline ) on an identity card that would contain a whole raft of infoes on you as your political orientation , your income , your religion , etc .
Even if it does not affect the amount of allergy , the government ’ s exploitative government would do so .
What would you think about it if Macron announced that tomorrow ?
The mainstream newspapers are skewed against Maduro , which is normal , and that is what the majority in the West expects of them .
On the other hand , you will have to make me the deceptive articles in the Monde because it is not very complicated to slander Maduro either , his policy is open to criticism , and it often comes to him to tell fine acquaintances .
Maduro is not Chavez .
He will never get back to the UN to criticize PTTUS with a Chomsky bust in his hands .
Then the situation in Venezuela goes a little further than &apos; oil equals US interference &apos; .
This is not entirely wrong , but it is simplistic and it will convince a great world .
Salvation Bienvenuue12 ,
Thank you very much for the compliment , indeed , I went on the site alone , even if I had been a supervisor with a great deal of experience to deal with the problems and for my own age .... It is a secret secret .
It is true that this is true of other levels since yesterday .
On a number of occasions , I have been forced into the main arts of 2 lanes on each side which are on the other side of the street , the streets which become one at the same time , 2 accidents on the same street corner .
Sosa spa hard messengers , who are able to imagine how much space a tank takes , you leave it a little bit more or a bit easier , between street in 2 or 4 , take part , no more .
Religion has an intersection with your crasher .
It is not good enough to sail in Lolls , you just have the chance to pump up your banner ( worse my own ) .
It claims to be in an area that contains people in it .
Let me laugh .
I am making a mockery of his title .
You can make a mockery of one aspect of a person without a mockery of the whole .
This attachment to anachronistic labels and to this claim to lead people based on birth is quite laughable , so I do not care .
It is very dishonest to claim that all those who refuse to see themselves in their homes do so by conspiracy .
Distrust ( that is , who is going to use the data noted and how ? )
In any case , after herbicides , this is used in the cereal monoculture and which essentially is marred not ?
It is , after all , a very large part of French agriculture .
And pesticides ( a larger category ) are used everywhere , even in fish farms .
And I am not convinced that there is a better balance sheet in this area .
I am also against the whip , which is an abomination .
After the problem of pesticides , it is that the area concerned is larger than the area of culture : dispersion by winds , water ...
And the film &apos; Derririère has &apos; .
Who deals with the subject very well from the point of view of the family of the Chokikkomori .
And , with the real pieces of Pan American in <unk> litt; 3 .
Chuuut must not be said to be . )
I do not know you , but I have never seen a woman saying to a mec in the sort of &apos; shame I would have made all night &apos; after a man refused to give his number .
I have &apos; suffered &apos; .
As a result of months of psychotherapy , I was able to find myself in a nightclub ( / / s ) without fear that a family mee would be obeyed by me .
It had whisky , it was the Rockstore in Montpellier .
Go to your pedigree , I know what men want to see .
Chometoo
It is essential to stifle the black market when all SDRs are empty as well ... Why go to the SQDC when you often have a greater variety of choice and lower prices in the black market .
Yes , but what about the theory of egg on goats to bring down the rain ?
Perhaps the theory of Father Noel ?
* One theory is a list of objective facts that prove that it is feasible .
* It was not a theory , it is a fairy tale .
Welcome to us , at long last , you are the videos of 1080p60bfps without buffer buffers in advance .
You found that this text deserves a do-vote ?
Do you explain to me how you disagree with what he said ?
It is a mill Star Wars
It was a crackdown if the pincté is prirdial pr toi , the sacks snit rank .
The karma is points that are obtainable when you post office and people click on arrows next to your post .
As the post-karma karma , which is in line with the subjects that have been set up , and commentaries , which are in line with the comments you have made in relation to the comments you have made on the subject .
Jte advises to download the RES extension in order to see all this more clearly , and also to remember the people you voted for / downvote , etc .
Silver golf , it is sows that you can buy ( who serve as donations ) and which make it possible to raise the profile of a post / comment that has flowed .
The person receiving the gold sees a few options / subs open for 1 months .
But what about the extremes of the extreme left and communism ( past and present , canf Venezuela ) ?
One / the &apos; Communism &apos; was applied only in poor countries , whose regimes were unstable , violently , that is to say , in contexts where all kinds of regimes were broken .
The minimum to judge Communism ( if the countries that claimed it were , but I do not have the impression that democracy and the collective ownership by the workers were the model that was applied ) would at least be seen as a favourable minimum .
On the contrary , the extreme right has seen what it is doing in all the contexts imaginable , and every time it is horror .
Having said that ...
2 / ... I am not a communist , so I do not like a communist .
3 / Venezuela was never a communist country .
To go a long way , to go a long way , the Nazis were socially left-wing .
That is completely wrong .
There has been no social , trade union progress ( even the opposite ) , or egalitarian under Nazism , and it is not because they have added on the &apos; socialist &apos; end that they have conducted social policies ( the Marxists were their first victims in addition to the Jews ) . .
But it seemed to me to be deserved since you were repeating only two times FN and not extreme LES .
I do not see the point of talking about the extreme left in France that it accounts for less than 1 % of the electorate , and that the representation of his ideas , as well as being at the lowest level , is in sharp decline in the world .
I can only wonder what businesses would do if the Nazis were to come to power nowadays .
They would do as they are systematically done collectively : they would work together by their overwhelming majority .
As far as we go on the right , capital knows no enemy .
An example of this is Bolsaro , which is at stake .
If he is going to go to work , ghost is not what the pots are doing among themselves .
How am I to know which of you is right ?
You have three uparvotes each : - /
It is now time to create the Republic of Canada ’ s Republic of Canada .
The vote is secret so that no one knows for whom an identifiable individual voted .
Do not return to the argument .
If the vote were anonymous , you would be without an identity card to vote .
CA-LO-RIE
To be sure , someone from the right , certainly the far right , is recognised , and no one else could find their management of the situation of humorism ridiculous .
Take your equal gas , and , above all , do not tell me what I did not say .
I would just like to draw OP &apos;s attention to the fact that it is a joke ( indeed , a joke ) .
There is a margin to criticise the management of the situation ( or even to find it ludicrous ) and replicate for the purposes of a typical case of fatality .
I would like to concede that we do not really know who has written this , or its political convictions ; in the best case of cases , it is someone who is uninformed who takes up ( it is in the nature of the jokes of the joint-taking ) a joke that has spilled out of the fatsphere to the centre . .
The probability of a convinced leftist or a ( genuinely ) enlightened leftist is almost zero .
I took Orleans Express .
That is a good thing .
QuWAAAAAA
The apples are vegetables , the saving is vegetables and cheese in the fund , and it is also a protein that is protected , so stop with your nicey-style niche niceies .
I am surprised !
Ah , then if there is no outrage at all , when they are not being taken away .
How ?
I am told in my orchestra that they are not depriving themselves of it .
Bouyaka Bouyaka ?
All the enjoyment for me is , but all credit comes to / u / Crystlilid .
It is frankly not a good plan to call for more understanding and interpretative charity on the part of his opponents , while caricature them as much as possible by making shortcuts in all directions .
But , on the other hand , it is a blatant poster .
This is not very effective or flexible .
It is a ploy that serves the programmes other than the browsers , but is much less than the UBick Origin extensions .
On the telephone , on the other hand , and on the other hand , where the navigator is not the central programme and where most do not even have bloggers , because no extensions are made .
( Finally , Fireox for Android may have extensions to the use of Irick Origin ; I know more about iTruc . )
I did not know that the squabbling could be dealt with in such a formal manner with magic procedures and words .
It takes away all kinds of sponsors .
There was a subreliction of Quebedis , which did not go a long way in oblivion .
In my view , this is more relevant to the anxieties of a young supposedly brilliant and Eurasian woman than critical of the made elite in France .
Yes , the article is terribly navel-gazing , and , at the end of the day , a super retrograde cultural elitism .
The author is cultural , fantasied , pedestal of nineteenth-century pedestal to the purported treasury of the twenty-first , with the double cultural contempt of the XXP and his own family environment .
Go , I offer the buyers , the Vallas and the Brel .
<unk> gtelsurprisingly Cennsurprisingly Cennsurprisingly , my father had a strategy worthy of the upper social classes .
... in a state of the art ?
Because it was what it was , what was it ?
He has seen the imperatives of meritocracy for his child without being able to aspire to it for himself , and she is surprised ?
But what arrogant connotations ...
But the discourse that says foolishly , “ When you want , you can ” make me crazy .
Efforts to be followed by
<unk> gt. When I am afraid , I drink .
Bah .
There is more to it than that .
Is there no such thing as Jedettelesbirds ?
A Circle
This world is cruel , you want to have a vote and I am voting for it . )
There are really different instructions .
The main method is to bring together all the subjects of the same family together before they are tripped up .
The main part of the trick is to explain the way in which you can be &apos; I do not get rid of that , because I would not get rid of it , because it can be used &apos; , or how you can throw it out or the impression that it is watching with their sad eyes .
It also talks about how to deal with the “ emotional ” objects ( you yourself have a photograph , how to triple them ) .
In short , there is not a lot of psychology and a way that one who , then , has appeared in a bazaar ’ s bazaar .
Outin , it is 70 years since he has no vision of town planning and will to keep the heritage .
Memulated in the old streets we are going to see beautiful axes and all of a stroke of milk building , which is clashing ...
We do not have good trade arteries , there have been full neighborhoods to carry out motorways and woodland projects such as canadas , uqam and so on .
It lasts the media that they have only pictures of bite , but I have never seen it with a smile in the face .
If his real intention was to silence him , he would have been closed down .
No , it is very simple to put in place , but it is not incredible either .
It is not all , it is not really at the level of a UBO , and it is only working on a local network .
After that , aircraft that do not have the opportunity to block pubs of the blocked are allowed to do so .
Rather , I would advise you to move on to the Firex , on which the super walks are super .
In order to invest in a project , we are making capital budgeting before investing in a project .
This is calculated by the Net Present Valume ( NPV ) , which is known as the Net Press ( NPV ) .
<unk> gin is disbanding future cash flows generated by investment on the basis of inflation , the market , and the risks .
To put it bluntly , can I find a hyper-profitable trick that brings more money to the shareholders than would come back to them ?
If the project is profitable , it is spearheaded .
<unk> ggt; Tu is 100 euros .
In the case of two gigantic oil fields , there are two gigantic oil fields .
In the first draft you invests EUR 100 .
<unk> gtt; Tu affects EUR 0 in the first year .
It is EUR 0 in the second year of the year Tu Tu .
<unk> gt. Tu is EUR 120 in the third year .
<unk> gtogt; in the second project you invests EUR 100 .
<unk> ggt; Tu is EUR 60 in the first year .
<unk> gt. Tu is around EUR 50 the second year .
Tu is 5 euros in the third year .
<unk> gtogt; What is the project you are choosing ?
That depends on your RRR .
The Requirements of Rate of Retren .
The return on investment that you are demanding .
We also call it our opportunities as well as our opportunities for capital .
In other words , the project is in competition with other projects which need thumps .
The RRR depends on three things :
<unk> gtogt; Inflation : every year , money loses its value .
The risk is that if you propose a 5 % return rate to invest in Tesla , you will say no .
It is a connecting one .
There is a high risk of high RRR .
That is what the market is offering : you could put it on the stock market or in the bank .
In order to return to our oil projects , <unk> gtogtte .
You have given some thought .
You can see that it is in a position to do so .
You believe that the acceptable RRR in view of inflation and risk is 7 % .
<unk> gt. Tu make - 100 + ( 0 / 1.07 ) + ( 0 / 1.072 ) + ( 120 / 1.1.073 ) = 2.04
<unk> gt. Tu make - 100 + ( 60 / 1.07 ) + ( 50 / 1.072 ) + ( 5 / 1.073 ) = 3.08
<unk> gtogt. The first project is negative .
You are losing out .
<unk> gtogt. The second project is the most profitable .
In view of this , it was not .
Why is it more profitable ?
Because with the second project the friction is being recovered from the first year and the second year .
He is more hijacked earlier in your pocket .
What does that mean ?
That you can put it immediately on the stock market or in other projects .
And you will hit $ dollars even earlier .
In any case , it is the case that you are setting in motion the health , social and environmental consequences .
<unk> ggt; Tu is in tatters in brushing up the number of people that it will kill or injure .
We are moving in the right direction , but then completely .
<unk> gtogt. The only trick is to do the NPV .
Indeed , the RRR rate is needed in order to calculate the NPV .
RRR like Rate of Inflation , Risk , and Market Rate of Retren .
This rate therefore includes the risk of losing friction .
The risk that you will be crowded , that you will discover that you are violating the law , that you are interfering , that the whole of the population is revolting .
The RRR includes everything .
TOUT .
If that is a good thing , we are doing it .
It is a problem , if it is destructive for the biodiversity of seeds , if the consumer is paid for the illegal activities of Lafeux , or if climate change accelerates more of climate change .
It is for that reason that it makes me mark that &apos; companies destroy the environment by selling even more plastics &apos; .
&apos;( Oh ) &apos; Oh a bad cop CEO &apos; .
<unk> gtogt. When a major decision is taken , the sole aim is for capital to bust as much capital as possible .
Forget the Limour page of BNP Paribas or SFR .
These pages are addressed to the general public .
The only rule is not bankruptcy , not prison , DO IT .
All decisions in finance are based on that .
All of them .
It is estimated that if we lose friction , or if there is a risk of a Hard judicial reaction ( not a minor fine ) , the destruction of the brand image ( = loss of friction ) or a violent political attack ( = loss of friction ) .
Cash is King .
If the government wants investment to no longer be made , it must take tough measures .
In the case of violation of the law , extremely violent fines ( EUR 10 billion ) or state seizures .
This will push RISK up considerably , one of the important elements in the calculation of the NPVs .
As a result , investors will refuse to put their friction off there .
The NPV is all that counts .
Pascal Quiry was better elected , Pascal Quiry , from HEC Paris .
He wrote a book that is called Enterprise .
It is a Fine Reference Book in France .
It explains the priority of a good entrepreneur , it is the constant search for the rente .
The second is the achievement of a majority of a market ( Microsoft ) , the agreements between companies ( according to the Intel / Apple / Pixar / Google agreements ) , the construction of a very strong brand ( Apple ) , the creation of a consumer dementia ( SEVs ) . or positive products , or the weakening and division of suppliers ( the big brands and the textile industry , or Lacits and the milk sellers ) .
Read is what makes it possible to increase the margins .
That is what makes the difference between the baker of the corner and a great entrepreneur like Bill Gates or Vincent Boloré .
On the famous letter for obtaining the passport .
There are , therefore , two versions .
Binalla &apos;s she is incompatible with that of Strazoda .
... or then , the hypothesis that I am submitting to you and which I have not heard from anyone ( and which may not be the way it may be : I have praised elements that have invalidated it ? ) : is it possible for a third figure to coexist with these two versions ?
Is it conceivable that an employee of the Presidency has applied for a passport on behalf of Benalla , without notifying his service at the moment and without discovering that he was responsible following the revelations in the Canard Enté in recent days ?
Last week , she would have said his truth , as Benalla would have said today .
This 3rd mystery , a member of the Elysée Elysgram , can tell the truth but would prefer to remain silent in the hope of not being affected by the scandal .
If so , is Benalla aware of this action from the beginning , but has it only been leaked to justice , last week when the question was first asked ?
Would that be the case , is it a possibility in your opinion ?
And , of course , ...
That is exactly why Trump was elected to the US .
Because the populace had snowfs that made their guilt for everything and did not realise that they are also the problem .
They have taken it , but the kind of grossly unfettered grossly unfettered is a breeding ground for the intolerant right .
I wonder whether the resigned Members will return to the barrel of a barrel now that the matches are no longer to throw water out of the water .
The NPD should plant itself in Quebec in the next elections , which will leave BQ at least to keep the existing seats at least as far as progress will have to be repassed , for several years now , the Bloc has been ( decennial ? ) than a grande movement in these Quetical corners . This is a highly sovereigntilist .
It is the case that there is a difference of opinion .
Unless our favorite editorialists explain our favorite editors to the European that , as soon as the presidential term , our favorite edites were going to put up to the European people , it was going to leave a very low level of rocket to close the whip to be managed during Macron &apos;s grace , and then that He was going to get everything back for the final spurt .
One can have a candidate Xavier Bertrand , or even a Sarkozy .
You can have a candidate François Hollande or even Hidalgo or even Le Foll or Vallaud .
One can have a Hervé Moriin if Bayrou understands that he will never win and that we need to rejuvenate .
We can have Taubira in the PG .
We can have a PC or NPA breakthrough .
We can have a counter-trend , Philippot or Mégret .
Perhaps someone will make it clear to Hamon that he does not have the charisma and will give him the place , the sort of Aubry .
We can have a return from Eva Joly among the Greens , or Cohn-Bendit .
There will be Dupont-Aignan to pounce votes and alliance in the second round .
In short , there will not be only Macron-JLM-MLP .
To say that these are the only alternatives is for a pure whistle-thinkler ( and its only solution ) .
I am trying to do this , as it were , with the aim of spilling over a cliché of brigades .
Just to see the posters of the immigrant , the pale , the others .... This is automatic .
But , once again , it is not important - if the post / how to bite the buck , it is directly the dustbin .
The hearing and the puta-click .
Have I come from the tead / nod , I imagine ?
PO , would you please give us the answer ?
Demination in a housing in which everyone fled <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
That has been a market for me !
But now the neighbors are standing up to me on the Web
Without a joke , I am blowing through the window or the fan over the pole .
I understand that this has been done , but I do not understand how it could be worse ?
They say they have been anthropological .
Therefore , just understanding and inviting people to think differently ...
But it is true that there is an end to the maintenance , and that they support the yellow belts that are taking the lead .
But it is only their personal opinion .
Not their guests .
Neither of their answers .
It is a matter of mantras in this sector .
That is completely wrong .
I have an Irish friend and friends in France in France and they also hate that word .
They were as shocked as I was when my friend said this word : )
In fact , it seems to me that the LD50 of table salsalis less .
The LD of ethanol is higher than salt and alcohol kills much more than salt .
There is chronic and chronic toxicity in this .
It is complete with the prospect of glypho , which is likely to be glypho , to compare a deceit to tames or rails .
On the other hand , I give you 10 / 10 for receptiveness , you have taken up the language of Monsanto .
It is even a flim of left .
There is a comment to be made on the fact that your Shaadowban has been lifted .
The first time I see that .
It is not a bad thing , but since 2013 they have been using Chrome ’ s engine ... so they will have a problem with UBlock , too , I think .
You see all these pseudos , who just want to get rid of the perish gift offered to them by the Montrean tank .
r / Subuunder
* – Last night , you believed that that was what it was all about .
* It is a log that buys everything that I buy from him .
I am not saying that you are being tortured , I say you are out of the question .
Europeans give in to fast fascism ( which , moreover , is a great deal of merchandise : good luck to wear a T-shirt more than 20 times without a mistrained and yellow loaf ) .
But the problem that Marie Konondo is trying to solve is mini-hoarding : people who do not throw enough .
We cannot complain that people dump too lenient and , at the same time , do not pose enough of them .
I have always interpreted the role of the Anglo-quebec with a Montrealese emphasis .
Pormal hormones which deny the development of the child
The argument often used in relation to what you have just said is that the products used only break down and that nothing is irreversible .
Tackling its Small Crisis
The classic argument for this is that patients are assessed and selected , so this sort of case is not being issued .
Go to the fan page of a usage of a wager who has left his sandwash of sand about a dress choice .
Come with Patrick you can do better !
Reference has been made before mequebebec becomes active again , mainly as a platform to laugh at the sweet .
Most of the time is used as a reference to a boogeyman in the world who has some unloved views from local communists , but who rather shouts the plot / brigade .
Show Bang Baader
Fully play your part in playing with the pyrau and papi papi !
It should not be 3 knee , which was elected by 37 people fleeing traffic in Montreal .
It is a little more complicated than that .
Why not the gate ?
Note / Buildapc or r / hardware as an idee
I know nothing about gambling , but for all the rest with HD , I would be taking a thinkpad T430 / 440 / 440 / 440 ( a ) at the same time as we should be able to get it .
He spent the Tower .
The owners praise their altruism , but they do not pay for their income .
Not playing the game is not doing anything .
You are being nourished by the business model .
How is gathing problems going to sell sows inside the game ?
No one is saying that gamble is right .
The lootboxes are the share of government .
For the rest , it is grotesque .
That is something else .
Arts of wanting to want the government everywhere .
Evidence of this is the fact that aircraft leave trails that disturb positive waves .
The Evidence was turned down to deceive you .
There is a lot of work to be done !
It was the first Tinderte that I was inviting directly to me .
It was on Sunday .
The shots of one evening by returning evening or festival , no problem .
Here , I have just overestimated my ability to sleep with a nana which I do not like is a &apos; truly joint-joking &apos; .
Understanding here &apos; enough for one night but not envy the date &apos; .
Ah not even , I am too blunt as the boy I believe .
That is all or nothing , and if there is no alcohol to go a little , there is nothing that goes on there .
Fortunately , I have seen another since who has made me forget this sad moment in my life , and I will tell you later whether it is not in the color .
Aid has given a little more context to the two police tanks that have had to be taken into account as well , which explains their positions on the motorway ...
It was a bit too fast , but , as you say , it does no more than one 10 cents in these beautiful beautiful ...
Have I taken no account at all of what I replied to the year ?
If you want an answer , not everything is negative with Trump , when I have defended the opposite ?
Nowhere .
Now , why is this issue ?
What is an interesting conclusion ?
No , as is the subject of the discussions at the top of the agenda , but not at all .
So there was a silver bullet .
For those who love the Paradox games , I would be prepared to host multi-players of Hearts of Iron or Staellaris weekly , one evening .
For HoI4 , I would advocate an historic lady , with a system of lotteries to choose the countries that have been playing by click .
For Mr Sellaris , I would advocate a more RP approach with empires created by players as long as they are not deliberately overseen .
Moreover , Paradox ’ s operation is super , if the party ’ s host has the DLCs ’ DLCs , for the part of the game , all players will be able to use them as well .
In short , if they are not interested , let us show you !
I am making the god Teepee for the expenses of lawyers straight away , or are we waiting for - whom Schiappa is either in Hanna , you are ever too safe ) ?
That is , in fact , what it is .
Macron dates back to the polls , because the morale of the pro-Macron is back .
So preach those who are convinced that it works .
From the political guests from the political guests , the programme will include , among other things , Jean-Michel Blanguer , Minister for Education , Marlene Schiappa , Secretary of State for Gender Equality .
But also the European election list Benedict Hamon ( for the “ General ” movement , and Jordan ’ s Bardella ( for the National Navigation ) .
Bernard Tapie should also be present .
<unk> gin other speakers : Dominique Chaudel , the Mayor of Saint Valé-in-Cals ( Seine-Martime ) .
At Emmanuel Macron ’ s first public meeting on January 14 , she launched it : “ I did not rise because you disappointed me .
&apos;Other mayors will be involved in plateau , such as GAel Perdriau , LRA ( LRA ) , or with duux , such as Anne Hidalgo ( Paris , PS ) , or Eric Piolle ( Grenoble , the Greens , Greens ) .
No LFI .
Do you think that is the right thing to do ?
On top of that , I would like to say that they are not going to be bothered to talk about LFFI in any way .
PUBG Man race
So , if I understand you correctly , do you agree to force the medicines to be administered by euthania ?
Fair , I listen to you from time to time , thank you for the info I will see Monday when I go to the Bureau : P
Yes , but it does change something ?
To put it another way , I am abstaining from voting , and I am abstaining from voting on the world if I think that they have a marvellous opinion , because they nevertheless contribute to the discussion ( though not all opinions are equal ) .
So , or not , it will not be possible to change our minds in any case .
So what is to be eaten from the podium then ?
Mmmmmhh <unk> <unk>
It is 20 years before my primary and has heard the gang here , which says that it plays in the King of the Mountain ... was overseen by matches because you did not have the right of nothing .
Oh , well .
But that is not the case .
Many of these points seem to be connected to water , or have a very high level of frankness :
No cliches : Choice badly .
<unk> gt. = 18c : Sound building , a country could freeze pipes .
* Ferry of lavish lakes ... has it gone prematurely , whati nexus ?
Closing the valve dulls after it has been fluid ?
We are not talking about solicitation , except for the puppies that are tying up .
Choosing , Thankling
It is a shame for the watershed because it is not a bad joke !
That seems to me to be appropriate .
I hope that you will learn : the Grand Duke of Montagq-sur-la-Lake died at the age of &#91; showing the date of death &#93; without quotation figures , given that it is legal .
Yes , if you do not get it wrong .
The Way of Cultural Indication
Whoever is to get back to the top of the list
In my humble opinion , a further defeat in a major election will force Marine Le Pen ’ s withdrawal and will allow Maron Marechal ’ s takeover of the Pen of his name .
As a result , LRA will have been so massacred by LREM that we will see union on a neo-bjadist basis .
This is the only scenario where I see this sensitivity succeed in taking power , and unfortunately it is not impossible .
It must be even worse today .
In Hollande ’ s Statistics
I had a chauvinist this week when we were still in the heatwave of early July when it was 45c felt .
I have never been more happy to wake up .
Shortly after I walked in the big storm to -30 with a smile on the face .
Euh has changed a great deal on this point .
Chromium has a very bad reputation on this side , too .
On the other hand , I can confirm the words of / u / Lannes : these days , the two , Firefox manages much better memory .
Powerful poffle
This kind of racist race , I don ’ t even call it a haha .
r / hasbody
Haha , not , but I love my tank and it is also a very reputable 4 wheelchair system .
Europe ’ s Submarrow / Undersemblance
First of all , you need to go across the border which is already in retard , but also to the authorities who can judge that you are not at all at risk in the sense of the Convention on Refugees and are going back to the country that you are trying to smoke .
Many of the arrivals who make the request are sent back .
It may have been joyful to do so , but if someone has a salt here , it seems to be you .
Ben my boys stand up at 5... On Saturday to 10h , when all the toys came out , when they took their 2nd collation , they died , no matter how much time they slip .
Arsduatssquamer
Unless pipe pipes are made with balance sheets , and not everyone is fooling paint or cream .
It seems to me that it is not illegal .
So , if we talk about it , we are on the ground of morality .
We know very well that there is a moral value for lies ( especially in this case ) .
For all that , it is partly the work of journalists to contrast with the facts and facts .
One could well imagine a situation in which someone made an inaccurate statement and then corrected himself by a journalist .
Here we could comment on the inculture of the speaker in an educational way without necessarily entering the moral field .
All this is to say that not illegal means that one is in a moral debate .
I understand the assertion of Byroot .
<unk> gwill by Debrra Soh for the so-called &apos; Rrampete by Peggy Sland &apos;
I think we can avoid reading the article .
Moreover , all those who criticised Stephane Fcart , why do you turn a blind eye to a person who assembles much worse what you accuse Stephane Fcart ?
Two grandmothers have died , saved me from a click on this dubious article .
Let me try to understand .
Is it going to be a joke of a joke , in essence , that it means getting back to the job that has been in place ?
So , would the views of the anglos be indifferent to the point at which you would be able to put the schmen in place immediately after prior clean-up ?
Castery of a situation with a guard in which there was no sexual contact .
Not a lot of people are sure that there have already been cases of guardians being sent to children and poking before they reach a child .
In the case of the Bell911 database , I would like to ask you to apply your address to the Bell911 database .
( I do not address the matter with me today , I would like to have the Bureau &apos;s recoup this week )
Normally , it makes sense when issuing the permit ( at the same time as warning Post Canada )
Benefit ...
It is as when papa brings a house in the house , ok it is symptomatic , but it does not know how to make hot chocolate , the magic bisses and tell the stories of Petit Ores , when I am going to bed .
I am now called Jama25 and toe A _ Frechese _ man !
Well , it has nothing to do with Quebec , except that you are poking all the risks worse than you are who is going to pay for it .
Nothing to do with words then ?
Max , this fuss that barely bothers , to rigour just a little when his body and agreement , who were already loving before the start , and this click of stature smiling him , while it is too soft : it makes sense to do so . There are people who are not going to love it , and perhaps there is a glimmer of glamour to put into good light a type like this .
I am not really convinced by the theory , but I have ever found it better and no one to save me from this never-ending issue ;
I note that .
We should find someone who does not understand the French and , of course , the French , who find this glacial to be of course !
I have another 10 years .
Do you know the tragedy of Darth Acouphenis the deaf ?
I find them surreptitiously , or there is only the much less toxic Upper button .
In passing , I very much like the legal reference to the &apos; nockchin technology &apos; : shared registration device .
Since , in fact , France is using black and white technology in the field of shares .
The airlines are also being used for the airlines .
Integrating someone from the machine .
I have a lot of misery to understand how someone can go from QQ to QQ and vice versa .
Could it be that identity issues have played a major role ?
The story of the Legault test came out in which debate ?
( I did not listen to them , I think it was a great waste of time ) .
<unk> gt: Telecom commercial Ingenders in Vedis Group
Is it not even a soft power , would it really be objective ?
I cannot tell you why , especially in France , but I know that one of the attractions of the pseudo-science is that they are at the intellectual level of many and give a sense of superiority .
The Dunning-Krueger effect in action .
Cha is a nice match !
Oh , yes , Mrs Győri !
Now it is plotting !
The fact is that men have problems , but not so much that they do and are privileged .
Their problems are their fault because of their toxicity .
There is another round without any argument ...
Eighty per cent of me walked out on 20 and 55 , so the world would say , in particular , that the world is driving too daring .
Or I did what it was two years ago at Christmas .
I was back from the family to go back to us on the 20 worse when I had so many verges , and my wipers had a thick layer of ice , with a wheels of ice ... have been fitted with lorries / cars to 100-110 which were in the chasm for a long time after that . It was a re-run .
If I were to do so , the madman of the madracht so that the ice was frozen so quickly , I did not go away by leaving the auto .
For me , the yellow belts wanted to block the largest corner shopping centre on the first on Saturday ( a Leclec with almost just Leclerc ’ s derivative derivative in the merchant gallery , thus very few collateralized degates .
Then it is transformed into round-up round-up without ever coming back to the commercial center .
At least they do not have to hire the few retailers in the city centre , they have at least understood who is not the enemy .
I had this sensation because it was a bit like that and , with time , you changed and you want something else .
When I started to break down , it was not really the majority of the profiles that I faced .
It is the cliché and certainly also the visible part , but I have spent a good deal of time with my colleagues when I bow to SISII to carry out different and diverse activities , even with discharges that make up the knife .
I do not get the impression that &apos; discovering new truths , finding me a nana , a new travel and making &apos; jokes &apos; , are incompatible with the fact that they are developers ...
Some disdain has a couple of passions and a life of couple , if you are not happy where you are and you can allow you to do so .
How old ?
Permit me made an VIC , it is a good experience , in something other than SSII for me and a bit of travelling , and so on .
He was a good fig in order to find out other sins !
Apart from an unquote mention of the English wiki of the series , which says that she holds a record Guinness , impossible to have anything to do with it .
What I found to be a little flanking is the fact that you have to calculate an audience and a Maret share , and that is perhaps not as easy and reliable as it sounds , so I imagine that it is difficult to do more than an interesting anecdote and not one There is no doubt about that .
However , I would like to say thank you .
It is not simply a question of making presentation , it is often asked to make the extraction of data with algorithms .
This type of tag has been offered my pot that is doctoral in bi-info ( he makes molecular simulation with programmes that he and he and he still ) .
I am not saying that there is a doctorate but at least an engineer .
I am looking forward to looking into it .
Hong live the Roy
CPT
Less to present me with the latest internal innovation , the last communication facilitator , the last step in the term , read Rededia : the dash S.
To use thus : <unk> <unk> ( not to take too seriously ) <unk> <unk> .
Barette promised for mental health in five years .
It is a laughing world when your mandate is four years .
This excuse in no way the DAQ , but the two parties are not vexed .
I despise freshness .
There is no change in origin .
Unless you want to be judged on the basis of the back door .
I am not interested in this .
And what is the racist passage ?
The speed of overshoot ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
It is a good thing .
I know that we are not on the issue of authatics , but the overshooting route is reserved to go beyond the maximum speed of overshoot .
If you exceed anyone else , it is not a matter of any kind .
Yes , speed must be modulated according to the road conditions , but it is not just for the route of overshoot .
Anysay when you go beyond you , or almost faster than the limit .
It is up to the police and every driver to decide his or her safety speed not to a game or to my uncle blocking the left route to decide for the others .
They can put someone out for the reason they want , as long as it is not illegal .
98.5 has just taken advantage of this situation in order to react to a gang of repressions .
It is an anecdotal event to say that a cop refused entry to a humorist because he had daders , and that is a perfect example of anecdote .
In the case of 98.5 in the event , a whole tragedy is taking place .
By the way , it is a tiger to the fate of the general population , but only the population of the population that it suits will accept it ?
Yes .
Tu is going to have a vaguely representative assembly with this , and it is worth making a draw on the fate of the general public .
This , however , is without irony .
If you forces me to go along , I will go along with the rules , but I will sabotage the work as much as I can , even if it does harm to my fellow citizens .
( This will be a good thing , they will have put me in a position . )
Do you want this to be an arbitrary representativeness ?
I say arbitrarily , because in your Assembly you are not going to put children aged two or the mentally ill , if ?
Ouai dg too much of the bug under Safi ( and that comment since Safi ) is perhaps the fault of the web developer and not the browser , but I regularly have sites that bug under Safi and when I go through the Chambers of a problem .
I am still using Safi as the main browser ( if only for its integration with macOS and the functionalities of Handles macro-OS / iOS , Autofilm SMS etc . ) , but I am opening Chromie as soon as I have to use a rather cumbersome or sofisted web of application . .
The problem is that developers are developing under Chrome ( because they have to admit that they do not have bubugger and other tools ) , so the teers are testing under Chrome ( because it is 2 / 3 of the market ) , so it is becoming the default navigator that imposes the standard .
I am instead going to give a chance to Firefox , because , in view of the various comments , it would have moved in the right direction .
I will read the article out because Judeith pits me on string .
But I am going to say what I said in relation to the pub Gillte :
The message was a good one , but the multinationals use good causes as a marketing tool ( not because they believe in it , just because it is going to be a shotshow and therefore a pub ) .
All the more so than moral standards , Gillette can go and dress , Children , and cider .
Mr / Paslegori
It seems that the gyphosate has been closely monitoring , if you woke up with the very diluted quantity of the quantity of it , the Sri Lankan workers who burned the water of the rice rice containing glyphoosate did not invent their sudden disease as soon as the That is glypical .
I do not understand the history of this discredited researcher .
Knowing the scientific method , I know very well that it is perfectly possible to prove that glyphosate is not dangerous if you omit sows .
I do not understand those who are defending the non-prohibition of glyphosate , those who support those who are in favour of this honeyed glyphosphere .
It is totally obvious that there is a junior pro gyphosate has hit billions of dollars .
With medicines , agriculture is the second largest trading power in the world in one sense , it is as if you decide which salt salt would buy all humans on earth .
I want to say , quite clearly , that monsanto has an ENORME power on the studies , scientists are not a race in the mountains who live autarky in the mountains far away from the world , there are good and bad ones , and it is quite obvious that monsanto has been a monster . Successful scientific enquiries about glyphoosate are clearly tragically trumpeted or by far .
We are talking about so much money , it is colossal , in every country of the world , rich or poor , it is an official client , all the countries are pushing and all the countries need to raze the land of weeds .
TOUS .
It is the case of Sri Lanka , of the United States , that it is a QUIS VA market , and I want to say that it is a QUIS VA market .
It is not the only limit which is so monstrous . It is not the only one that possesses the essence , it is impossible to imagine the power they have .
I see the scientists who say themselves as direct , good , I have blazed my life hard and have been integrated , only in my labo , and at a stroke I have been offered 10 life pay like mine just to omit a detail , and I am assured that it will be so skilfully that my name is not the same as my name . I will never be briefed .
How do you want there to be not who are refusing to do so ?
It is comparable to the invention of the washing machine with a woman at the home of the 1960s , the snag is raging in less than two , while before you were to fall into it for dozens of hours , everything had to be ploughed .
EULE ENTREPPPPPSISE DANS LE VEND VEND .
It is a nexit , but my god .
With regard to the dangers .
It is quite clear that the trick is harmful .
I understand the gallery to ban it after years of using this .
It is as if you were saying , the machine has lavished is toxic , it has more access now , now it will have to go back to the manual .
Around the circuejerk of the people who at least have been paid for the good of Monsanto .
This report is a good one .
If there are errors , it is not serious .
Without this kind of people , you will not be alive .
Keep Fellow Put
In the case of the homeowners , you are increasing the rent when a wild estatum declares everything before leaving ?
That is not a gift to me .
If they find a way of doing this they will do so without asking any questions .
I brought my daughter to the crèche this morning .
barely returned to the room it is kept in , a small one is approaching and pushing it violently ( they have every two and a half years wholesale ) and it falls well 1 metre further , leading a long way away from a wooden structure .
There were three staff of the crèche in this room , including the Director , all for less than 10 children .
Not a single one is rereacting .
As a result , as this was the third time that the boy had been driving my daughter in front of me ( two more times another day , without a great deal of reaction either ) , it was a warm heir to me , and I began to pick up the small , with the indifference of the staff .
My daughter during that time was terrorized and did not stop mourning ( a child of his age , it was easy to mourn , but he was really violent as a little boy ) .
Even so , I said to the Director that , if it were to start again , I wanted to talk about the parents of the little boy , which is normal .
She replied to me , &apos; but you know , it is already known , he did not know that with your daughter , he was followed by the psy , his parents know &apos; ...
I answered in substance , but I would still like to talk to the parents if it is going to happen again and she got me from a rather aggressive tone : &apos; ok , but outside the crèche &apos; as if I were going to put me with them .
That was a mockery of me for the day .
Already , because it is I who is to guess , women were passive , and also because , if this is not the first time , it is not the first time that the boy has been pushing Ma , even in the case .
It could be a good thing to keep us informed .
And if my daughter falls into a toy or a table ?
This will be the time to talk about it when it is paralysed or worse ?
RAAHhhhh .
I thank you for that .
