Keep Winge in Bogota
The sportsman and woman Jhonathan Florz has snatched a helicopter on Bogota , the Colombian capital , on Thursday .
Equipped by a wingline ( a combination of wings ) , it has risen to 160 km / h over the famous Monserrate sanctuary , located in more than 3 000 metres of altitude , where many badges gathered to observe his feat .
A black box in your car ?
While America &apos;s road network planners find it hard to find the money to repair the motorway infrastructure in deceptiveness , many see a solution in the form of a small black box that sets itself above the car scoreboard .
The appliances , all of which have been driven by a car driver and transmit information to officials , are at the heart of a controversial attempt in Washington and in government planning offices to overhaul the obsolete system of financing the major American roads .
The sector , which is generally without interest from the planning of the major axes , has suddenly provoked a lively debate and turbulent alliances .
The libertarians joined green groups to press for the government to use small boxes to keep track of the mirrors that you , and perhaps the road you are moving , can look at , and then use the information to draft a draft tax law .
The Tea Party is landed .
The American Civil Liberties Union is also very concerned and expresses its concern about the protection of privacy .
And , while members of Congress cannot agree on whether to continue , several states did not wait .
They are looking for how , over the next decade , they will be able to move to a system that allows drivers to pay according to the number of miles travelled .
Thousands of motorists have already embarked on these black boxes , sometimes equipped with a surveillance system by GPS , for an experimental vice .
That really is essential for our nation .
&apos;It is not as if we had the choice &apos; , said Hasan Ikhaita , Director-General of the Southern California Association of Governance , which states that the state is starting to register the miles travelled by every Californian car driver by 2025 . .
There will be change in the way we pay these taxes .
The technology is there to do so .
The pressure comes from the fact that the country &apos;s Highway Fund Fund , financed with the taxes that Americans pay for the pump , is financially sectarian .
Americans no longer buy as much gasoline as before .
Cars can travel more miles with a gallon .
The federal tax itself , which is 18.4 cents per gallon , has not increased for 20 years .
Politicians are reluctant to increase the tax , even by 1 % , while the price of petrol is high .
The &apos; gasoline tax is simply not tenable &apos; , said Lee Munich , a specialist in transport policy at the University of Minnesota .
Its state has recently made traces out of 500 cars to test a payment system in the mirror .
“ This is the most logical long-term alternative , ” he said .
Wonks calls that the cost of mileage .
It is not surprising that the seductive idea of the Liberals , as taxes could be used to change driving habits in such a way as to reduce congestion and gas emissions , for example .
California ’ s planners are interested in the system as they draw up strategies to achieve the goals set out in the state ’ s ambitious global warming laws .
But Bill Shuster ( R-Pa ) , Chairman of the House of Representatives ’ Transport Committee , said that he also considered it the most viable alternative in the long term .
Opponents of the free market from the Reasson Foundation also appreciate the idea of having drivers pay in the mirror .
“ It is not just a tax that is engulfed in a large black hole , ” Adrian Moore , the Vice-President of politics , said to the Reasson Foundation .
People pay more directly for the benefits offered to them .
The movement is also supported by two former US secretaries in Transport , which , in a 2011 report , urged Congress to go down the line of payment .
The US Senate approved a $ 90 ( $ 90 ) pilot project last year that would have focused on about 10 000 cars .
But the President ’ s presidency killed the proposal , responding to the concerns of rural legislators who represent voters who have to travel from many miles to work or city .
A number of states and large cities , however , are making progress on their own .
The most determined is Oregon , which has mobilised 5 000 drivers to carry out the country &apos;s most important experience .
These motorists will soon pay the state for mileage charges instead of petrol taxes .
The Nevada has already completed a pilot project .
The city of New York is contemplating one .
Illinois is trying to test a limited number of lorries .
And the I-95 coalition , which includes 17 agencies involved in road transport in states along the east coast of America ( including Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia , and Florida ) is studying how it could implement change .
The concept is not a universal success .
In the Nevada , where approximately 50 voluntary motorists have recently fitted their cars with a device , drivers were worried that the government could keep their finger on the record .
&apos;The concerns about Big Brother and this kind of thing are a big problem &apos; , said Alauddin Khan , who heads the strategic performance of performance in the Department of Nevada .
This is not something that people want .
Right from the start , the Nevada of Nevada was warning of its site : “ It would be relatively easy to convert these appliances into fully-fledged location devices . ”
There is no need to build a huge and cumbersome technological infrastructure that will inevitably be extended to keep people &apos;s daily and daily recordings .
The Nevada is one of the few countries that are now struggling to find an affordable technology that would allow the state to know how many miles a car runs , but without knowing the exact place or the time .
If you can do that , he added , the citizens will be more comfortable .
The search for this technology has led some state agencies to appeal to a small start-up of California in the name of Tue Mile .
Originally , society was not intended to help motorists who pay taxes to the Member States .
It sought to penetrate the emerging market in self-insurance , in which drivers would pay according to kilometre .
But the appliances it tests have plagued planners of the major axes because they do not use GPS and provide a limited amount of information , periodically downloaded downloaded .
“ People will be more likely to do that if you don ’ t have their speed and do not locate them . ” Ryan Morrison , head General of Tue Milevage , has said .
Large mistakes have been made in the pilot programmes of certain states .
There are far less expensive means and less intrusive methods of doing so .
In Oregon , planners try to experiment by offering motorists different choices .
They can choose a device with or without GPS .
They can still choose not to have any apparatus at all , preferring instead to pay a fortress based on the average number of miles travelled by all the residents of the state .
Other states hope to sell the concept to citizens suspicious by allowing appliances to do more , rather than not enough .
In New York City , transport officials seek to develop a tax system that would also be equipped to pay for parking costs , to provide “ payment for driving ” insurance , and to create a set of data on real-time speed from other drivers that motorists could use to prevent them . Classification .
&apos;Authorists would be encouraged to participate because of the benefits that the system offers them &apos; , indicated a document on urban planning .
However , some transport planners are wondering whether the whole debate on payment in the mirror is not just a huge diversion .
In the Metropolitan Commission Commission in the San Francisco Bay area , those responsible say that Congress could very simply manage the bankruptcy of the Highway Trust Fund by increasing petrol taxes .
A single annual or annual tax could be imposed on drivers of hybrid vehicles and on others whose vehicles do not consume a lot of petrol , so that everyone pays their fair share .
“ There is no need to resort to radical surgery when you simply need aspirin , ” said Mrs Renscher , the director of legislation and public affairs to the committee .
If we do that , hundreds of millions of motorists will be worried about the protection of their privacy and a lot of other things .
David Bowe : There are four new items in the eye of the floor .
The English musician has not come to any surprise this year .
From The Next Day , appeared in January , he cobbled together a luxury reedition planned for 4 November , with several new news .
Four have already emerged on the Web .
The announcement of a new album of David Bowe had left the whole panacea .
On his 66th birthday , 8 January 2013 , he said that a new album would come out in March .
After ten years of silence ( the last record , Reality , dating back to 2003 ) and too few public appearances in public , the English musician was proving that he could still be counted as a pop .
A Fesse for his fans
Not tired of surprises , David Bowe had more in his bag with The Next Day .
In this way , the Thain Duke planned to reproduce this album on 4 November .
For the time , he concocted a real festive for his fans .
This republication , entitled The Next Day Extra , will be in the form of three discs : the original album , the studio sessions and the rebuxes , as well as a DVD containing the four clicps already revealed .
The Next Day Extra will contain a total of ten additional titles in relation to the original album : the three pieces of the Delux edition , five songs unspecially revealed for the occasion , as well as two returnees .
Indeed , David Bowe made the presentations of this beautiful cofft on a video .
It introduces both of the records , but also the accessories provided with : exclusive photographs , a cart to share his own impressions , a book with words ...
And , above all , it provides a foretaste of its new title , Atomica , typically in the Next Day vein , with higher-profile guides and well-managed rock-controlled electricity .
Deprits already in the eye of the House
But Atomica is not the only title to uncover his weapons .
The Informing , Like A Man Man , Born In A UFO is also available on the Internet .
The information is on the face : a worrisome intrepo before a light cavalcade , which is gradually slowing down to a pop pop .
On Like A Roket Man , has Bowe wanted to make a small reference to the Rocket Man of Elton John , or even to Granty ?
With this title , the singer seems to be in his place when he no longer has his feet on the ground .
Space Oddity , alongside it , was much more serious .
On Born A UFO , David Bowe once again refers to his stranglehold : would he come from another planet ?
The snaffers of gutare , a sober guy , want to leave the Earth .
In any case , Bowe is playing into the hands of these titles : in turn , an informative turn , a man on board a fuss , a potential martial ...
It conceals and reveals both , plays to adopt different personalities , as he has done throughout his career , particularly with his Ziggy Stardust and Aladdiin Sane figures .
It is no wonder , therefore , that he has a mask in the photograph of the Inviitation in the Voyage , of the brand Louis Vuitton , whose new face he embodies .
It will appear in one of their adverts , broadcast from 10 November .
The Defence Minister , Rob Nicholson , insisted that the injured soldiers were not summarily released from the Canadian Armed Forces , and stressed that a transitional process was followed by all soldiers before their return to civilian life .
Attached by liberals and neo-democrats in the House of Commons , Mr Nicholson assured us that , prior to their release , the members of the army were following a transition plan in collaboration with their superiors .
All injured soldiers are receiving the appropriate care for their return to civilian life , and none of them are released before they are ready , he said .
Critics accuse the government of wanting to save money by not allowing the wounded soldiers - who do not comply with the &apos; universality of the service &apos; of the army , demanding that the staff be able to carry out a variety of tasks - to reach the admissibility period of 10 years required for benefits . retirement .
In particular , they cited two cases reported by the Presse Case , including that of a soldier released last Friday .
Corporal David Hawkins , a London reservist , at Ontario , reached post-traumatic stress syndrome , was released from the army despite its request to stay for another year in order to receive a fully indexed pension .
His case came after that of Corporal Glen Kiron , who said to a parliamentary committee last month that he had been pushed out before he was ready because he did not respond to the rule of universality of service .
Mr Hawkins pointed out that a soldier could be prepared to leave , with plans and meetings , but that this was completely different from wanting to leave the ranks .
&apos;I told them that I was not ready &apos; , he said in a meeting with PPresse Canadian on Wednesday .
I asked for months if there was a way for me to stay , and they said no .
Since the start of the major fighting in Afghanistan , the army has been struggling to determine the extent to which it can grant the injured soldiers who want to stay in the ranks , but who are not fit for the fight .
Under the current rules , the soldiers who are seriously injured have up to three years to recover .
If they do not meet the criteria for foreign deployments , they can be forced to leave the army .
The data presented last year in Parliament indicates that , of the 1218 soldiers released for medical reasons , 199 did not reach the time required to obtain pension benefits .
The liberal spokesperson for ex-combatants , Jim Karygiannis , asked for the reintegration of Corporal Hawkins on Wednesday , while the neo-democrat Jack Harris called for an immediate end to &quot; this shameful practice . &quot;
Disney tablet to launch an animated series
The American District and Media Group has decided to give priority to tablets to its own television channels for the coming of a new set of children .
The first nine episodes of Sheriff Callis Wild West will be available from 24 November on the Wechdisyyy.com site or through its application for telephones and tablets .
Its global launch on the Disney Group &apos;s channels is scheduled only in 2014 , details the communiqué of its division Disney Junor .
The cartoon , for children aged between 2 and 7 , tells the adventures of the Chaati Cally , a sheriff of a city in the west of the United States , where it puts order with a magic moon .
Each episode consists of two histories of 11 minutes .
&apos;Intervention of smartphones and tablets is a second nature for children today &apos; , commented on Albert Cheng , Vice-President responsible for digital products at Disney / ABC Television Group , cited in the communiqué .
This type of experience comes in the context of Disney &apos;s efforts to &apos; extend the life of its series and build new relations with its public through digital platforms that are increasingly important &apos; , and he has added .
A survey published at the beginning of the week by Commonse Sense Media showed an explosion in the use of mobile devices by young children in the United States : 38 % of less than two years have already used a tablet or a telephone , and 72 % of less than 8 % , compared to 10 % and 38 % respectively . Two years ago .
Snowden is ready to “ cooperate ” with Germany on the issue of US surveillance .
Edward Snowden , denouncing US intelligence , said that he was willing to go to Berlin to testify to the German parliament if the US National Security Agency and his director Keith Alexander did not provide answers on their activities .
The German MEP Hans-Christian Stöbele met Mr Snowden in Russia on Thursday , where he has the right of asylum , to discuss his testimony in Germany .
In a letter which the Member presented to the media in Berlin on Friday , Mr Snowden said : &apos; Although the result of my efforts was obviously positive , my government continues to treat the difference of opinion as a leak and seeks to penalise political discourse with accusations against which it is impossible to defend itself . &apos;
However , telling the truth is not a crime .
In his letter , Mr Snowden wrote that he thought that the support of the international community could persuade the US Government to abandon criminal charges against him .
In the case of the complaint lodged by the US Ministry of Justice , he is accused of espionage and theft of state goods .
Hans-Peter Friedrich , the German Interior Minister , said in Zeeit Online : “ If Mr Snowden is prepared to speak to German officials , we will make that possible . ”
Relations between the United States and Germany were put to the test as a result of complaints that the NSA had been listening to the mobile phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Thomas Openn , the Member who heads the parliamentary group overlooking the foreign secret services , said that if there was a chance to hear Mr Snowden as a witness ‘ without putting it in jeopardy and completely ruining relations with the United States ’ , that would have to be taken advantage of .
Mr Stöbele , a German MEP , published a photo of him with Mr Snowden on his Twitter account .
During his visit to Russia , he was accompanied by two German journalists .
Mr Stöbele said that , according to the advocate of the former NSA consultant , Mr Snowden could not return to Russia if he left the country .
If Mr Snowden testified in Germany , he would have to be assured that he would be &apos; security &apos; there , said the Member .
Mr Snowden wrote in his letter that he had been subjected to a campaign of &apos; serious and sustained &apos; persecution which forced him to leave his country .
However , he said that he was encouraged by the global response to &apos; my act of political expression &apos; .
Citizens around the world and senior officials – including in the United States – thought that the revelation of an inexplicable system of permanent surveillance was of public utility .
The letter offers an offer of cooperation with the German authorities &apos; when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved &apos; .
Cogleco Cable could soon offer interactive television
Cogeco Cable ’ s subscribers may well have access to applications such as Facebook , Twitter , and ultimate video service on demand for Netflix on television in a future that does not seem so far away .
The Cogeco subsidiary has indicated on Thursday that it is currently carrying out preliminary tests of the language version of this platform with some of its users .
&apos;This will enable us to highlight more user-friendly interfaces and more options &apos; , explained the President and head of the Cogeco management , Louis Audet , in meeting .
Cogleco Cable , like Bell , is following the same line , even if the Cogeco subsidiary has not yet set a precise date for this new platform .
&apos;We need to adapt and change or resist change and fail &apos; , highlighted Mr Audet .
The ultimate goal remains to offer tools to which our customers have no access at the moment .
The giant telecommunications giant Rogers has already indicated that he could offer Netflix if some technical details , which have not been mentioned , could be settled .
In the United States , the popular video service says that it is in discussions with some major cable distributors so that its service is available via their broadcasting platforms .
The case of Cogeco and Cogeco Cable also welcomed the announcement made by the Harper government during his Troika speech on 16 October .
Ottawa wants to force TV and satellite TV providers to offer customers the opportunity to pay the services on the map .
&apos;It has been about two and a half years that we are saying that the idea of forcing consumers to buy large packages of chains does not work &apos; , has said Mr Audet .
It hopes , however , that the consultations carried out by the Canadian broadcasting and telecommunications Council ( CRTC ) will lead to interesting recommendations .
&apos;It will have to emerge from these discussions a kind of new frame of reference for defining our new Canadian cultural policy in relation to television , &apos; , said the &apos; Cogeco &apos; .
The CRTC has been consulting with the public since last week and should continue with the industry next spring .
On the results , Cogeco indicated that he had a net profit of 43.8 million in the fourth quarter , or 82 by action .
This is a step backwards compared to the net benefit of 44.9 million , or 83 by action , of the same period last year .
The company established in Montreal explains this decline with depreciation costs linked to new acquisitions .
In 2012 , Coleco made the Atlanc Broadband cable , established in the United States , for EUR 1.36 billion .
This was the first major acquisition of the company after that which had failed in Portugal .
In December , the company also bought Peer 1 Network Enterprise , an Internet supplier in Vancouver , for the sum of EUR 526 million .
As for Cogeco ’ s income , they grew 41.5 % in the fourth quarter to 504.7 million .
They are EUR 1.8 billion for the current financial year .
The net benefit of its main subsidiary , Cogeco Cable , has been 43.9 million , or 90 % action , in line with the 45.7 million or 93 action taken over the same period last year .
The income of Cogleco Cable has increased by 45 % , however , to 470.4 million .
The company lost 15 237 clients in the fourth quarter .
However , for the 2013 financial year , the number of Cogeco Cable customers is increasing by 5546 .
Mr Audet is not concerned about the number of customers fluctuating in this way .
As far as I am concerned , this is not an indication of a change of trend , he has observed .
This varies from quarter to quarter to very lively competition .
Horse in beef products
Hal meat was found in canned bovine boxes , sold by two small British teachers of low-cost distribution , today announced the food hygiene agency .
Proud tests have revealed that products , drawn up in January in Romania and sold by the Home Affairs and Qualty Save chains , contained horses of between 1 % and 5 % .
&apos;As horse meat is not mentioned in the list of ingredients , it should not have been present in the product &apos; , explained the British agency .
A scandal about the presence of horse meat in cooked plants broke out in Europe at the beginning of the year , following tests in Ireland .
According to examinations by the European Commission , France has been the country most affected by the presence of this type of meat in products that are supposed to contain only beef .
A collision between two vehicles resulted in four injured , on Friday , on the 131 road in Lanaudires .
Shortly before 4th , a motorist who was in the north , in Saint Felix in Valois , lost the mastery of his vehicle and humbled a car that arrived in the other direction .
The four occupiers of the two vehicles were injured , but they were not afraid for their lives .
The movement had returned to the normal stage on Friday , on Friday .
Frontier Airlines plans to make hand luggage pay
Frontier Airlines is planning to pay up to $ 100 for passengers transporting handbags on their flights .
Frontier Airlines is planning to start making up to $ 100 for a hand baggage and $ 2 for a coffee or a sole , though in his announcement on Wednesday she said that passengers could take the canta off with them at the plane ’ s descent .
New hand luggage has to do with bags in the higher compartment , so the small bags installed in the seat will always be free .
Frontier has said that it will pay $ 25 if the costs are paid in advance and $ 100 if travellers pay only once on the doorstep .
The Frontier spokesman , Kate O &apos;Malley , said that USD 100 was planned to encourage travellers to pay the costs in advance .
‘ We do not want to make this price pay ’ , she has explained .
The airlines have started to make the first and second luggage recorded in 2008 .
Passengers who were trying to avoid these costs put as many things as they could in hand luggage in the higher compartments , so there was often no room for them in these compartments .
These costs are a way of ensuring that passengers transport less on board .
Mr O &apos;Malley said that these new costs will not really be used to collect money .
It is a question of making it clear to Frontier customers that it is becoming more and more difficult to find room in the higher compartments .
Passengers buying their ticket on the airline site will not have to pay .
For example , a passenger queue at a boarding door in Frontier could transport a bag free of charge , while the next person in the queue could have to pay $ 100 for a similar bag .
O &apos;Malley explained that the Frontier registration site and registration procedures are changing in order to ensure that passengers know the existence of these costs before arriving at the door .
Frontier luggage costs will not be applied before the summer , although no date has been set .
Passengers are often ruining the cost of baggage and other costs , but the airlines love them .
They believe that the cost of handling luggage is important and that the passengers who want this service should pay it .
Many people on Wall Street see the addition of baggage charges as a sign that the airlines are paying a high price to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses .
Yet many of them have not affected baggage costs .
Spirit Airlines Inc. applied the first hand baggage costs three years ago , and the company is following a little later .
The only other company imposing such charges is the Hungarian company Wizz Air , who said the consultant to the airlines of Jay Sorensen , who are closely following the costs in addition .
In a December 2011 report , he estimated that Spirit ’ s hand in hand baggage reported $ 50 a year .
Sorensen , a former Midwest Airlines framework , recently travelled to Spirit and wondered what he was going to find at the door of boarding when passengers would discover the unconventional hand baggage charges imposed by the company .
“ I had never seen such a fluid boarding procedure in my professional career , ” he said .
I had expected to have teeth and a wrestling at the door .
The plane was full , he added , &apos; passengers are on board at the speed of the day &apos; .
Frontier , too , is like Spirit and applies $ 2 for a coffee , tea , soda , or a fruit juice .
Frontier has indicated that passengers taking a soda or a fruit juice can take the non-open cane with them , and those who take up coffee can be served free of charge .
It will always distribute water free of charge .
Airways briefly tried to make drinks pay in 2008 , but went back seven months later , after the passengers complained and no other large airline had followed .
The Frontier decision to pay hand luggage when passengers do not buy their ticket directly from the airline is his last effort to encourage customers to go on his site .
Airlines pay for online sales like Ormiz $ 10 to $ 25 for each ticket .
This has led all airlines to encourage passengers to buy directly from them instead of talking to an online travel agency .
However , Frontier has gone further in this area .
In September , it began to offer only half of the loyalty mirrors to customers who bought their ticket via an online travel agency .
On Wednesday , it reduced the mine premiums by 25 % on a journey .
For example , a Frontier journey 1 000 miles from an on-line travel agency would make it possible to earn 250 miles .
It also allows passengers to choose their headquarters in advance if they buy their ticket directly on the Frontier site .
Frontier is a faithful clientele in his home town , Denver , but his activity is moving backwards and it is losing money .
The revenue has fallen by 9 % and its flight capacity has fallen by almost 13 % in the first quarter , according to the financial results published on Wednesday by its parent company , Rpublic Airways Holdings Inc .
The public has tried to put an end to Frontier finances by selling the airline .
The NSA calls into question an “ internal error , ” not hackers for the breakdown of its site .
The National Security Agency , working in the shadow of the shadow , said on Friday that it was a bug that caused the public site to run for a few hours , not hackers , as some had claimed to be online .
&apos;NSANgov has remained unattainable for a few hours this evening because of an internal error which took place during a planned update &apos; , referred to the agency of spying in a statement by email .
The problem will be resolved this evening .
The allegations that the breakdown was due to an attack on the denial service ( DSD ) are wrong .
Earlier this evening , online servers noted that the NSA site had broken down for at least 6 hours , and some users still do not have access to the site .
Earlier , a NSA spokesman indicated in ABC News that the agency ’ s sensitive internal network was not “ at all ” compromise .
No classified information is at risk , has explained the spokesman .
At least a group of online hacktiers claimed to be responsible for the NSA ’ s breakdown by a DSD attack .
DSD ’ s attacks aim to flood a targeted site until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
The cyber tactic is not very sophisticated and attacks are not intended to enter the internal network of the system .
The NSA used to be ultra covert , a time dubbed the “ No Sugency , ” has come under the spotlight and sharply criticised in recent months as a result of a wave of revelations about its extensive national and national communications surveillance programs . This is part of the secret NSA files stolen from the agency and disclosed by the former NSA disillusioned consultant Edward Snowden .
This growing controversy over the agency has led to a lot of speculation that the incident this evening was the result of a targeted cyber operation .
The Delta Centre now closed
The Delta Core Hotel closed its doors on Thursday in Montreal , after 36 years of existence .
The investment fund that had the edifice sold it to promoters who will turn it into student homes .
Three hundred and fifty people worked in the hotel .
Of these , 200 have still not found a new job .
Delta promises not to let his employees fall .
Employers have come to meet employees directly on the spot , and they have met with their own employees in order to assess their needs .
&apos;This will continue for the next six months &apos; , explains the regional director of the UNHCR working relations , Felix Bisson .
The closure of the Delta is taking place in a very competitive hotel market .
The investment fund that owned this building had choices to make .
Either he reinvesting in the building to continue to operate , so there were investments of tens of millions while the competition was very fierce , there were many new hotels that appeared in Montreal .
&apos;Alternatively , they sell it to someone else and that is what happened &apos; , explains Paul Arsenrault , the holder of the Tourism Car Transat to the UQAM Management Sciences School .
Other Montreal hotels will also be converted in the coming months , such as the Crown Plaza , which will become a residence for the elderly .
In the meantime , four hotel projects totalling almost 600 chambers will come into being in two years &apos; time .
For the CEO of Titan , &apos; the project for the purchase of Goodyear Amiens is starting with zero employed &apos; .
Having filed a spate in January for the partial resumption of the Goodyear &apos;s Goodyear site promised for closure , Mauritius Taylor , the CEO of the American tymaker Titan , is now saying that he is prepared to save 333 jobs on the 1 137 which are counts . The plant .
Arnaud Monteteburg , Minister for productive recovery , had already announced this , on Monday 21 October .
Having renounced the plan to purchase the plant in January , you are now returning .
You had pronounced violent attacks and insults , talking about &apos; so-called workers &apos; , who &apos; work three hours &apos; a day , &apos; crazy &apos; trade unions , by targeting the GFT .
We do not understand this about-turn .
Is it to please Mr Monteburg ?
I am not trying to please anyone .
Well , I would like to say to my wife .
Mr Monteburg , it is a charming young man who is trying to save industrial jobs among the best paid .
If I have injured someone through my words , I am sorry .
But France has a high level of tax and unemployment as well .
Does the truth hurt you ?
Working seven hours a day when in other countries we work eight hours handicap France .
In India , China and in other countries , we work 10 to 12 hours a day .
But I do not have any prejudices about France .
What I see is a plant that produces good agricultural tyres , has good equipment , is located and has space to grow .
Why does Titan need this plant so much ?
There is no need to buy this plant .
But , with the correct price and the competent workers , it is worth trying .
What kind of agreement are you waiting for between the CGT and Goodyear ?
If , since the announcement of the closure of the plant , Goodyear has offered employees a good start allowance , I think that 100 % of the employees would have accepted it .
Now let us imagine that Titan is buying the closed plant to Goodyear .
So Titan could move machines to Poland or any other European Union country that still has its own currency .
I think Mr Monteburg knows that .
He wants to keep the plant in Amiens with at least 333 well-paid jobs .
Typically , they can recruit some of the 1,200 current Goodyear employees .
So Mr Monteburg needs a commitment from Titan before trying to get the GTT to come to the table with Goodyear .
The first step is that the GTCT and Goodyear form an agreement on the original allowances for all employees .
So there will be no more employees in the plant .
Mr Monteburg said that you are prepared to guarantee these 333 jobs for four years .
Do you confirm this ?
The only number I mentioned to the Minister is 333 .
I know he would like a four-year guarantee .
But , as I said , the CGT and Goodyear must first agree on initial allowances .
If all workers accept them , the plant ’ s plan to purchase the plant starts with zero .
How can we give guarantees of employment time when there are no longer any employees on the site ?
If Mr Monteburg succeeds in getting the GFCT and Goodyear to come to an agreement and Titan buys the factory , we intend to stay in Amien-north more than four years .
The benefits of a shrinking Bombardier , while deliveries and orders for aircraft are shrinking
Bombardier Inc , the Canadian aeronautical and rail manufacturer , reported a 15 % fall in its net profit on Thursday , under pressure from a reduction in orders and deliveries of aircraft during the third quarter and contractual problems in its Trust Division .
Bombardier , based in Montreal , has also failed to provide test data for his newcomer , CSeries , or information about whether the plane will comply with his ambitious timetable for marketing before next September .
After the inaugural flight of the test plane about one and a half months ago , it only stolen three times , and the question then asked whether the trial phase was on the right track .
The results were not equal to the forecasts and stock prices fell by 8 % on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
Cameron , an analyst in the National Bank of Finance , has lowered his rating , from “ overperformance ” to “ sector performance ” on Thursday , owing to the low potential of the stock exchange in the next quarter or the next two quarters .
&apos;Although the fall in aircraft deliveries was largely anticipated , we are really disappointed by the profit margin in the Transport Division , said Cameron Doerksen on a note to customers .
We believe that Bombardier will have new orders for her aircraft , CSeries , as the flight test programme moves forward .
However , if no new order is forthcoming in the coming months , we expect the market to become more sceptical about the programme .
Bombare hopes that the family of CSeries can catapult it into the lower segment of a market that is now dominated by Boeing and Airbus .
The first test plane was unveiled in March and for the first time in September , after months of delay .
But the number of firm orders for the CSeries aircraft has so far been 177 to the tune of 177 , and it seems that potential buyers are waiting for the results of the flight tests to validate the assertions made by society regarding energy efficiency and the potential savings potential of the new airliner .
At present , society has recorded a total of 403 orders and purchasing commitments with 15 customers and operators .
Pierre Beauowin , the president and head of management , is convinced that Bomardier will achieve his goal of 300 firm orders before the first flight takes place .
The leaders also reassured the analysts and the media on Thursday that the programme was moving forward in accordance with the timetable .
‘ The test plane has not been on the ground for longer than expected ’ , Mr Beauown said at a telephone conference , adding that ground tests and software updates were planned during the time for the flight to the aircraft .
Each manufacturer is planning in a different way .
We decided to take a first flight and to provide for a period of updating , and that is what we have done .
This will happen again in the course of the flight programme .
The second of the five test planes should fly in the coming weeks , and the others will follow shortly after , have indicated society .
Yet analysts are skeptical that the first customer can fly a CSeries plane only 12 months after his inaugural flight .
Bombardier has indicated that it is in the process of assessing the timetable for entry into operation and will provide new information in the coming months .
“ This slow flight test – though apparently in line with the internal agenda of Bombardier – reinforces our view that the entry into service will be postponed to the first quarter of 2015 , said Mr Doerksen .
In the third quarter of September 30 September , Bombardier ’ s net benefit fell to $ 147 , or 8 cents per action , compared to $ 172 , or 9 cents per action , one year earlier .
The adjusted action has remained unchanged at 9 cents .
Income fell slightly by 4.2 to $ 4.1 Md .
Analysts expected a result of 10 cents per action and $ 4.56 Md , according to Thomas Reuters I / B / E / S.
The world &apos;s fourth aeronautical manufacturer indicated that it had delivered 45 aircraft during the quarter of the year , compared to 57 a year earlier .
Net orders have fallen to 26 aircraft , against 83 previously .
The backwardness of the Aeronautical Division accounted for 32.9 Md to 30 September , a figure that remained on 31 December of the previous year .
&apos;In Aeronautics , the results were in line with our forecasts , but the low number of orders and general market conditions were disappointing &apos; , said Mr Beauowin .
Aeroautical ’ s incomes have fallen by 13 % to $ 2,Made .
Bombarer , the world ’ s largest railway manufacturer , has said that the income from this division has increased by almost 11 % to $ 2.1 million .
The orders for the Transport Division totaled 32.6 Made to 30 September , a slight increase in comparison with 31 December of the previous year .
The margins of the Transport Division have suffered from implementing problems with a few major contracts .
The leaders announced that new indications would be provided during the fourth quarter .
The actions of Bombardier , which also announced that Patrick Piechette , head of the financial management of Google Inc , will sit on the board of directors of the Management Board , has dropped from 8.5 % to Canadian dollars in the afternoon of Thursday .
Brazil ’ s company Embrer SA , the world ’ s third-largest aeronautical builder and competitor in Bombardier , has indicated a 10 % reduction in its quarterly benefits .
Two spenloologists of 23 and 27 years of age were missing in a chasm under the Dent Dent since Thursday evening , on Friday , we learned from the Speléo rescue of the Isler .
They were localised this afternoon .
The two men , in practice , and the other not , left on the ground on Thursday at 9.30 p.m. in order to carry out a crossing from the Dent of Clls , located on the municipality of Saint Pierre de ChChartra .
There was no new one since then , and the same source made the same point .
&apos;Soleologists should have come out around the morning of the morning &apos; , said Thierry Lbackward , a technical adviser to Speléo rescue for the aid organisation .
Dozens of People there
Some 20 aid workers , ten civilians in French Speléo Said , and the police , CRS and fire brigades were there .
At the end of the afternoon this Friday , the two spagologists were localised .
&apos;It is another group of spagologists who , after having found them exhausted but in good health , sent the information to one of the rescue teams , &apos; explains Le Daupus .
Both military and Chambéry &apos; s 13th battalion were found &apos; exhausted but not injured &apos; .
They lost out in the network , returned to their homes while waiting for the relief , specified prefecture .
Renourished , they should come out of the cavity with the help of aid workers in the evening .
German Journalists , invited to flee Google and Yahoo
The German journalists &apos; union , on Thursday , invited its members to stop using Google and Yahoo online services following further revelations about the activities of US and British intelligence services .
&apos;The German Journalists &apos; Federation recommends that journalists prevent the use of the search engines and the messaging of Google and Yahoo &apos; , as she says in a communiqué .
It considers &apos; scandalous &apos; information from the Washington Post , according to which the United States National Security Agency ( NSA ) and the British Government Headquarters Headquarters ( GCC ) have collected masses of information by infiltrating the international networks that allow the two firms to synchronise Their servers .
&apos; Journalists &apos; research is as confidential as details of their sources and the nature of their communications with them &apos; , in addition to Michael Konken , the President of the trade union , who is claiming 38,000 members .
They have been repainted : a Member calls for Brigitte Grouwels to resign .
Minister Brigitte Grouwels &apos; project of &apos; reconnecting &apos; the traffic light poles in Brussels does not please everyone .
As a reminder , this Thursday , Brussels Minister of Public Labour and Transport , in the centre of Brussels , launched a test project to paint 16 poles of traffic lights from the region to the yellow and blue colours of Brussels .
The aim is , at the same time , &apos; to increase security &apos; and &apos; Brussels identity &apos; .
The idea is , in the long run , to repaint all the traffic lights Brussels , at an estimated cost of around EUR 1 million .
But the blue choice chosen by the Minister is &apos; too drowned &apos; , according to the Member of Parliament in Brussels Emmanuel De Bock , who speaks of the &apos; surge &apos; of the capital and calls for the &apos; resignation &apos; of Brigitte Grouwels .
&apos;Not content to spend money from Brussels in the operations of reconnecting the poles of signalling to the colours of the Brussels Régime , Brigitte Grouwels continues with the torch of capital &apos; , Mr De Book In a communiqué .
After his june-mangue-black taxis , she finally painted into Brussels the poles of Brussels in black and white .
According to the honourable Member , there is now &apos; no longer the difference in visual continuity between Flanders and Brussels &apos; .
The Brussels Conference deserves better than to see their money squandered by a CD &amp; V , which itself implements the NVA programme .
It is high time to stop Flanders &apos;s Trojan Horse .
&apos;To recall , Brigitte Grouwels was elected only with 2 245 votes or 0.5 % of Brussels &apos; ! &apos; , concluded by Mr De Bock .
The Port of Pont-de-Busuis
The ecotax of Pont-de-Buis , around which a violent demonstration of opponents of this tax took place on Saturday , was dismantled on Thursday morning .
There have been cranes only after 10 hours , and traffic on the national has been hijacked as a result .
The decision on decommissioning , announced by the prefecture of the Finisterre on Wednesday , was taken by the Ecomouv , the pig manager .
This is the last of the three ecotax pork in a state of operation in the department of the Finisterre , and the other two have been dismantled or sabotaged .
Inland of an accessory for Google Glass
An online shop , offering a multitude of offspring to Google Glass , has just been made available to thousands of developers with a prototype of the connected glasses in Google Google .
In this way , they can acquire an header , a charger or a row .
This shop , which is strictly reserved for developers who already have Google Glass , is proposing a few , such as a charger and its U-B cable for $ 50 .
At the same price , it is also possible to acquire a hotchpotch of protection manufactured in microfibre or an intra-ear headphones .
Although Google is currently working on a model of Google Glass equipped with correction , no large-scale marketing date has yet been confirmed .
It is already five years since my father erased the world of the living .
At the beginning , I denied his death , I was talking about him now ,
I was so afraid to forget that , or rather I did not know how I was going to go on to &apos; attend &apos; .
There is no recipe and employment to put the wall out of the invisible and to return to it .
Then there are signs .
The first time it was the very strong sense of his presence on the passenger seat that I was driving .
On the other hand , a shower in the middle of the night to watch his shows who is no longer leaving me , asked on the night table .
It is the image of my smiling father that brings me to my daily gestures .
Our mother left us after his exhausting fight against cancer .
At least that is what I thought when I was an empty body , scattered around the hospital bed with cheated flags .
Likewise , his funeral was a glorious farewell that focused on the scant light of the buffers that framed his coffin .
I thought she was a party .
Little by little , by small news or nocturnal events , a little timid , somewhat wiped , she quickly came back to my mind , changing as she took his place in my thinking , which believed in mourning .
Then she turned out and revealed my own facets that I have not yet seen , masked by my relationship with her .
I therefore learned and understood that I had in no way lost the person of my mother , but simply a woman whom I did not really know , a woman who was the embodiment of this person , during his stay in life .
In dying , this woman made a perfect life and liberated the person I helped , and now I have it , full and full .
This detachment from my life remains the most unexpected and the most beautiful .
It is a privilege to know that loved ones never leave us .
I look like my father , &apos; both in the devil and in the outside &apos; .
I have always been told that .
I never believed it at the time .
I have had difficult relations with him until he becomes old , ill .
There I was not afraid of him and I was able to love him .
One day he died .
For a long time , he accompanied me : when I stopped smoking , when I was afraid , I did not ...
He spoke to me , I was constantly encouraged , he lived my body .
I saw his hands by looking at mine , I gave him my body .
But it was never indiscreet .
I was able to have a personal life .
It left me with my intimacy .
It lasted for a long time and then he left .
Finally , it was comfortable and reassuring to be understood , encouraged , advised .
I do not know who said that the dead are not forgotten , but invisible .
My parents are no longer but I see them constantly .
Every event , every moment of my life makes me feel that I am here , because I always refer to it : what would they have said ?
I am constantly dreaming of them , perhaps not all the nights but several times a week .
I often dream of the last moment I have to share with them before it is too late , but there is always one thing that prevents me from doing this moment .
I often wake up to the anguish that I have , and I have a profound feeling that I am not here .
Sometimes , some dreams are about me and they are part of my history , and indeed they continue to live and share my life .
The day before I was informed of the sex of my baby , I dreamt that I would wake up , I was drowning out of bed , my father expected me to be on the table and smiled and rejoiced that I would expect a little boy .
The next day , I had the feeling that he had visited me in my sleep to tell me that he was happy to agree with me .
And , of course , it was a little boy in my womb .
I wanted to share this moment with him and I am happy to tell this shared memory lived after his death .
Five years ago , my grandmother died as a result of cancer .
One year on , she was on travel with my family in Cuba .
It was a shock to me that his demise caused me to die at the time .
Despite everything , I have done my mourning quite quickly .
But it continues to influence my life , especially when I find myself in difficulties , or when I have to take important decisions .
To learn from the Arab world and to take an interest in the Middle East , to the point of making it a masted in a major school , has not , with the hindsight , been anodyne choices .
In fact , I often hear it about Arabic in my childhood , and talking about Morocco , where it had lived for decades - before returning to France at the time of independence .
The values that she intimates me are still present , so I sometimes think that she would like me to take action at some point .
The same applies to my attitudes : I am trying to live up to the generosity and righteousness of the spirit that was a fervent believer .
From now on , I feel it is a daily presence , a benevolent soul , a salutary spirit .
I see his view on me .
My mother died nineteen years ago .
After speaking to me on the telephone .
I have gone through all the phases : incomprehension , anger , pain , beaches that are unleashing on their own , anywhere , at any time , in insolvent places , at incongruous moments .
Then time has calmed the pain .
The lack of an answer , this vacuum without a response , and the need for it , to reassure me of its gentle , has remained unanswered .
Yet it is there , it is silent presence , it is there and is watching me .
As I see it , every morning , he is worried about me , I see the racks that are increasing his eyes , the ripples around the lips of cigarettes , the bones that mark the day of concern .
My mother took up my face and she is looking at me every morning .
And , every morning , I turn a blind eye .
My wife and mother of my three children died from cancer to 43 years .
There is always a sense of protection , there is nothing serious about it .
That was his promise of pain , so we gradually learned to smile , and to pronounce his name is no longer taboo , but a comfort .
Of course , I speak to him at night when the absence is too bad , she invites me in my dreams when the morale is reached .
We feel and feel protected in difficult times , and the decline of time is making us realise how much it is the conductor of the orchestra , and we are trying to stay on the path that it had mapped out .
If you have a very strong one , the absence of you cannot extract your heart and memories from you .
In a way , a loved one becomes your internal energy .
I lost my father on 22 August 2008 as a result of asbestos cancer .
I was very close to him , I always acted on what he thought or what he liked .
I was not able to see his desolation and three weeks after his death , I was giving birth to a little boy .
If I have my sometimes different convictions , I always wonder whether my actions are in line with his views .
I have also had problems in my work on these convictions .
As far as I am concerned , it is impossible to go in the opposite direction , and I am not going to say anything about it , and I still wonder what it will think about .
I do not know whether I have adopted his way or whether I am just like him : is it genetics ?
In any case , it will always be my reference .
It was a bit like alter-ego , there was no need to talk between us .
In short , it is there on a daily basis .
I feel that he is here , and that makes me happy .
It is almost 30 years since my husband died at the age of 33 .
I was 28 years old and our son 6 years old .
The immense sentence which then invaded me , of course , has been mitigated , but it is always close to me .
Very often it is &apos; landed &apos; in my dreams in such a precise way , so vivid and even more sad to see that it was only a dream .
The other night , he asked me if I was going well , I told him no , he replied &apos; I am descending &apos; , but a voice so real that I woke up , anguished and I switched the lamp of horses by watching everywhere , convinced that he was going . That is what we are going to achieve .
I still live in the same house , and often I feel observed and I am returning to see whether he is not here , I know that he is and I am speaking to him .
In all the pieces , I feel that he is here , and that makes me happy .
For nothing to the world , I would leave this house where we were happy and the spirit with me .
I am 58 years old , I have always lived on the basis of his departure , he is and will remain the love of my life .
I would like to make it clear that I am socialized with a profession of responsibility , I am aware , I am a grandmother , I am a grandmother , full of friends , but my heart and soul belongs to him and I never speak for him except my son , and I will never go to the cemetery .
Iraq : October was the bloodiest month since 2008 .
October was the most deadly month in Iraq since April 2008 .
On Friday , Baghdad published the official figures : 964 people lost their lives last month : 855 civilians , 65 policemen and 44 soldiers .
This publication is taking place on the day that the Iraqi Prime Minister is received by the President of the United States .
Noury al-Maliki wants help from the US .
&apos;We do not say to the world to be on our side and support us , we have the right to ask the world because we are part of it &apos; , said Al-Maliki this Thursday in Washington .
And also because if what is happening in Iraq is not resolved , it will spread , and what is happening in Syria will also spread .
And what happens when a terrorist virus spreads .
Noury al-Maliki was speaking at the United States Institute for Peace , an independent institution created by Congress .
Outside the building , demonstrators protested against the Iraqi leader .
They had placards who , among others , accuse him of being a murderer and calling on the United States to refuse to provide aid .
Cocainnoman lawyer who has informed a drug sponsor of a police inquiry
Bharat Ditta , 42 years , gave information to the crime lord Neil Scarrough
The lawyer was afraid that his covert drug addiction would be exposed to the light of day .
He was sentenced to three years imprisonment by the Liverpool Case of Liverpool
A great defence lawyer , who had informed a drug sponsor of an important police investigation , because he was afraid that his covert drug addiction would be exposed , was sentenced to three years in prison .
Bharat Ditta , 42 years , gave some sensitive information to Neil Scarrough on the crime of his drug trafficking activities after having compromised because of his habit of cocaine .
The lawyer , who was called &apos; Bash &apos; and considered by criminals to be regarded as an &apos; important dossier &apos; , was arrested at home in 2011 as a result of listening operations by the police to Scarborough , which he had represented in a previous trial in connection with drug trafficking .
Police officials have repented Sarborough , 32 years , to lodge three bags of cocaine at the home of the lawyer in Blackburn , Lancashire , when he was attending a Barreau dinner with colleagues .
Surveys revealed that Ditta was a “ regular consumer ” of a class A drug after tests showed cocaine tracks in his hair , in his portfolio and his credit cards .
Over a period of eight months between January and August 2011 , he has sought illegal information on the arrest of two men for Scarborough and one of his associates .
The four suspects were monitored at the time by the police in an important investigation into heroin and cocaine in the counties of Lancashire , Cumbria , Merseyside , Berkshire and West Yorkshire .
Together with 32 other men , they were subsequently imprisoned after the police seized heroin and cocaine for a £ 1.5 M sum , as well as more than £ 200 000 in cash in a series of raids .
Ditta , 42 years , provided information to the criminals , because he feared that his drug drug would be exposed to the light of day .
Today , in the court of Liverpool , Ditta , who works in the Forbes Solidarity cabinet in Blackburn , fell by the wayside after being found guilty on two charges of impediment to justice after a three-week trial .
He had admitted cocaine in a previous hearing .
The fall of the lawyer came after the police , investigating Scarborough , discovered that he had been regularly in telephone contact with Ditta in February 2011 .
Two investigators followed the suspect and recounted him at the home of Ditta and putting drug drugs at 60 % , at the lawyer &apos;s dustbin in a black golf .
Soon after the deposit , Scarborough was regularly in telephone contact with Ditta who was at a dinner at the Ewood Park football stadium , the Blackburn Roc Club .
The lawyer has returned home , discovered the drugs , and they have telephoned them nine times .
The court heard that Ditta was a “ regular consumer ” of cocaine after tests showed traces of a class A drug into his hair , his portfolio , and his credit cards .
Litta was arrested later , but denied cocaine ; he said that he had spoken to the suspected drug , because that was his client and argued that their discussions were subject to a &apos; legal privilege &apos; .
During his arrest , Ditta picked up his portfolio and tried to withdraw several credit cards , but all of them were seized and a chorus of hair was taken away .
In an interrogation , he said that he possesses an office in his home , as well as in his place of work , and that it was possible for customers to call him at home for legal matters .
But the court heard evidence that he called on major players in the drug trade , some of whom were represented , after key arrests of the investigators who knew about it .
The prosecutor , Anne Whyte , said : ‘ If someone is to know that the law should not be violated , it is a criminal lawyer ’ .
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal lawyer , and of getting too involved with particular customers .
The relationship we are talking about is not just a drug trafficking , but a drug dealer providing drugs for his own lawyer .
Some of its communications will undoubtedly be legitimate communications because it was his lawyer .
But it went well beyond the normal limits of a relationship between a lawyer and his client .
It has hindered the police investigation as much as it has been able to carry out its criminal activities .
Mr Ditta did not honour his profession , but he did not honour it .
It has come too close to some customers , particularly Scarborough , and has allowed its independence to be compromised .
Ditta denied any illegal agitation and said : &apos; If I were a corrupt lawyer , I am not , and if I wanted to provide information to Mr Scarborough , I would not have waited 15.00 , I would have done so immediately . &apos;
But , after the hearing , Lee Halliad of the Lancashire Policy said : “ Mr Ditta has passed from a criminal lawyer to a criminal person as soon as he has begun to acquire drugs from criminal organisations . ”
His addiction to cocaine has been compromised forever and made it vulnerable to the ulterior motives of the leaders of the organised criminal groups who have asked him to obtain valuable information about police investigations .
Lawyers should observe the strictest integrity rules and create a climate of confidence among the public .
Mr Ditta has betrayed this confidence and tried to hide behind the veneer of his profession .
The unit responsible for serious and organised crime in Lancashire led the investigation into Mr Ditta , who was found guilty of the three charges for cocaine possession and now an obstacle to justice , demonstrating his commitment to prosecuting criminals in the courts .
Let this matter serve as a warning to criminals so that they know that no one is above the law .
We will find you and you will bring you before the courts .
Scarborough himself was imprisoned for 14 years after having pleaded guilty to complicity in trafficking heroin , cocaine and cannabis .
Thirty-five other people involved in the traffic have been sentenced to a total of 153 years in prison for drug trafficking .
On his site , Ditta organised a questions / answer session on himself in which he said that his dream yob would be a lawyer to represent clients on death row in America , his latest invitation to dinner would be Mohammed Ali and inequality would be what motivates him . to work .
Aretha Franklin ’ s rise to the scene in December
Detroit News reports that the Queen &apos;s Queen will take place on 21 December in the room Sound Board of the Motel MotorCity Casino .
In November , Mrs Franklin introduced an album for Clive Davis and Sony Music , produced by Don Was and Kenny &apos; Babyface &apos; .
Without specifying the disease that she was suffering , the famous interpreter was told to the media on 16 October that the side effects of a treatment that she received were &apos; difficult &apos; .
She says that she is &apos; happy to return &apos; .
Removing the costs of his Christmas illuminations
420 reasons , 2.2 kilometres of the seawater covered by a mantle of light : one could close the hod at Menon with the bill for illuminations .
In addition , which , unlike many municipalities , is also regulated by the taxpayers , not by the traders &apos; associations .
In order to reduce its costs , the city is resorting to leaps .
But there is also differentiated management of the public lighting network and Christmas decorations .
Los Angeles Airport evacuated after a shooting
A shooting took place at the international airport in Los Angeles .
It was 1000 in the morning when a man opened fire .
According to the local police , there would be at least 2 injured .
This would be an employee working for the US Transport Safety Administration ( TSA ) and the perpetrator .
The incident would have occurred in terminal 3 , causing a wave of panic .
The travellers and the staff went to the outskirts or to the tarmac .
The police quickly intervened , and a man suspected of being the shoe was apprehended on the roof of a park at the airport .
The airport is being evacuated and air traffic is interrupted .
The Classification of adolescents
Each time , it is the school clientele that will be targeted , an initiative that was very successful during the previous season .
Through five saynetten and interpreted by artists in the region , stickers with a high dose of humour are allowing teenagers to learn the classical song .
In addition to this spectacle , the Kingdom &apos;s lyrical arts of art will be coming back with its lyrical Destnation , a formula that is now hitting the Pulperie of Shicumi .
Two other consultations will take place in the summer of 2014 , giving artists in the region the chance to show what they are capable of .
To these activities has been added the lyrical Appeal , the concert-profit concertation of August last year , with the assistance of the sopriano color Marie-Eve Mundger .
It was a benefit , along with the artistic dimension , and it helped the not-for-profit body to produce a financial balance sheet that is as sweet as an air in the mouse .
Without giving specific figures , the Chairman of the Administrative Board , Yves Bergeron , took advantage of yesterday &apos;s press meeting in Shicumi to be reassuring .
Despite the precarious nature of so many cultural institutions , the future is taking shape , even in the long term .
We have more solid and consistent support .
&apos;The finances are afloat and we hope to last until the 50th anniversary of the comic opera , which we will take in seven years &apos; time &apos; , has commented on the administrator .
&apos;I would even go beyond &apos; , added the Director-General , Hélène Gaudrault , by smiling .
The 37-year-old man who took a child hostage to the Gabrielle Roy of Surrey is facing six charges , according to Canada &apos;s Royal Gendarmerie .
Omar Mustaga Hassan has been accused of hostage taking , kidnapping , threats , a weapon in a dangerous design , kidnapping , and failing to comply with an order .
&apos;The rapid reaction of the policemen involved and their ability to defuse the situation immediately were essential to the security conclusion of this incident &apos; , declared Corporal Bert Pquet by way of communiqué .
Omar Hassan is still in detention and will have to run in court on Friday .
A New request for collective redress against the Sainte-Cross brothers
A new request for collective redress has been tabled against the Sainte-Cross brothers , with regard to sexual assaults that would have taken place this time in the Saint Joseph , as well as in several orphanages , colleges and schools .
The request is based on the testimony of the petitioner , who was identified as &apos; J. J &apos; . This would have been hidden in the 1950s , first in Noie-des-Neiges by his professor , the brother , Souput , and then by his confer , Father Bernard , on the orchard . Saint Joseph , where he was used as a mass , and his father worked as paintings .
The first resort was only three institutions , and when we announced the Rules of Procedure , many people told us : &apos; I was there , I can take it ? &apos; , tell the Alain Arsenrat , who defends the victims in both cases .
The feature of the collective redress that has just been tabled is that it will allow complainants to be added to any institution where abuses could have been carried out by members of the Sete-Cross congregation .
At the moment , the complaints of 25 people who claim to have been attacked by the Saint-Cross brothers have been brought together .
The alleged facts are usually older than those mentioned in the first appeal , as several of the institutions were closed in the 1960s .
The appeal also underlines the fact that the congestion of Saint Cross and Saint Joseph , which is a separate entity , &apos; have enabled sexual abuse to be perpetrated against children &apos; , that they &apos; have had a moral , religious and psychological constraint on the victims &apos; , that they were &apos; Knowing and suffocating sexual abuse , they have &apos; knowingly and consciously chosen to ignore the problem &apos; .
The latest accusations are based , among other things , on letters by the lawyer for the Sainte-Cross brothers , Me Emile Perriin , in the 1990s , but also by the research in the archives on this subject by the brother Wilson Kennedy , a former sister of Saint C. They have publicly denounced the abuses .
Collective redress must first take the stage of admissibility in a higher court .
Once the Court admits the admissibility , the second step is taken , or the hearings on the substance .
In the case of the first appeal , the congestion of the Saint Cross had agreed to settle amicably before the hearings were carried out .
Carrying out a fire in a trade
A fire has seriously damaged a trade in the roundabout in Laisle , Montreal , on the night of Thursday to Friday .
Relief was called to 1.00 , on Friday , owing to a fire that declared on the subsoil of a restaurant restaurant in India on the avenue to Dollard , near the intersection with Ranne .
The 30 fire-fighters who have been despatched to the scene have taken almost an hour to control the brake .
Fire has &apos; caused significant damage to the structure of the building &apos; , made it clear to the Montreal fire service , Richard Bordeaux .
The cause of the fire was unknown , but there was no one in the restaurant when the firemen arrived on the scene .
There have been no injuries , but almost 20 homes , located in the first and second floors of this commercial premises , had to be evacuated .
The Red Cross has been asked for , because the residents of one of the flats may have to be temporarily filed , have indicated the SIM .
Many opposition to medical aid to die in Congress of palliative care
The Canadian palliative Congress , which is taking place this week in Ottawa , comes a few days after the vote in favour of the principle of the draft law on medical aid to die in Quebec .
This is an opportunity for a number of palliative care associations to reaffirm their disagreement .
If all patients had access to effective care to alleviate their suffering , as well as being able to stay at home , very few would like to put an end to their days , according to a speaker of the Canadian Association of palliatives , Maryse Béet .
If the emphasis was placed on palliative care in Canada , the approach to euthanasia would become minimal .
The president of Quebec ’ s palliative care network also rejects the proposed law on medical assistance to die .
If it is adopted , Alberte Déry is concerned about the consequences for the next generations .
&apos;What is the sense of life &apos; , deplores .
The majority of palliative care houses will refuse to help patients to die , according to the Vice-Chairman of the Alliance of palliatives , Suzanne Fitzbrack .
Mrs Fitzbrack , who is also the head of the Mathieu-Francis Savoy in Gatiinau , believes that the service would in any case be unnecessary .
We never ask ourselves : &apos; I want to die , give me an injection &apos; .
The director of Ontario ’ s Association for palliatives , Rick Firth , believes that Quebec ’ s bill disorides the population with regard to the vocation of palliative care .
He does not believe that the Ontario will follow .
For its part , the Liberal , Mr Stéphania Valla , is saying that the term &apos; end of life &apos; will have to be clarified before the draft law is adopted .
The Kenyan press is unworthy of controversial media law .
&apos;It is a frightening country and it is legitimate to ask the following question : what will prevent Parliament from sweeping away the independence of the judiciary tomorrow ? &apos; , said the newspaper by challenging the draft law and calling for it to be declared unconstitutional .
“ This law is draconian and highly punitive , and we reject it , ” explained that Cyrus Kamu , managing director of Capital Group – the owner of CapitalFM , one of the most respected news radio stations and websites in Kenya .
He said that the new media court &apos; will always be biased because it is an extension of the government &apos; and that restrictions on content and advertising would harm Kenya &apos;s place in the global economy .
‘ I hope that the President will listen to us , and we ask him to reject this bill and refer it back to the Members of Parliament ’ , he added .
According to the newspaper The Star , the new draft law will allow the government to have &apos; the control of the media &apos; . It is draconian &apos; .
Adoption of the bill comes at the same time as a package of measures aimed at strengthening national security in the wake of the attack by armed Islamists in the Westgate commercial center last September .
The Kenyan media have awakened the authorities ’ anger by disseminating images of surveillance cameras on which the troops deployed on the attack allegedly steered the luxury commercial center .
The police chief , David Kimaiyeo , has responded by convening two journalists and a media official to question them , although the convocation was withdrawn as a result of the outcry in the media .
Under the new draft law , the media can be subject to fines of up to 20 million Kenyan shillings and journalists up to 1 million with the additional risk of being ‘ radiated ’ or of no longer being able to receive official press accreditation .
The court also has the power to seize the goods of a offender if it has not paid a fine .
According to the Daily Nation , “ Even one fine is enough to paralyse most FM stations . ”
He also says that measures could have a devastating effect on what he described as the “ animated blogosphere ” of Kenya .
By silencing the media , politicians know that they can do what they want with impunity .
&quot; No one will ever know , &quot; wrote Mutua Mathiu , a journalist to The Nation , describing the Kenyan media as a key source of control in public life .
“ Lives to themselves , politicians would fail the country and take us back to hunting and to kitchen . ”
Kenyan legislators have been the target of people ’ s anger in the past .
In May , they took a stand against the National Commission ’ s cuts in charge of wages , and restored their all-out wages of around 532 000 shillings per month , which are among the highest in the world .
A Hazardous Year of Pharmacists
The departure of almost 10 pharmacists at the Social Health and Social Services Centre ( SS ) of Laval has caused a great deal of excitement about the Ciclu-Health Hospital , and this in the year 2012-2013 .
As a result of multiple retirement , maternity or departmental leave , the Pharmacist department has found itself to be highly deficient in terms of staff .
It lacked almost 30 % of the staff needed , making this financial year &apos; very difficult &apos; , according to the head of the department , Gillian Beaudand .
However , the SSS has decided not to employ an independent workforce , which can cost up to three times as much as a full-time , full-time pharmacist .
There was no use of the breakdown , explained Mrs Beaudet .
Some of our activities have been streamlined or reduced within the establishment in order to make up for the time .
It is certain that we have worked hard to get our young people to come and stay here and stay here .
There is a competition of circumstances that has led to a bad situation last year .
Improved situation
After this difficult period , 2013-2014 will be much easier for the SSS pharmacy department .
Three pharmacies are already returning to work after their maternity leave and three other pharmacies have been hired in recent months .
In addition , the efforts made by the department to retain it have borne fruit , because the four pupils present in Laval have also decided to remain in the SSS employment .
Now it is much better , highlighted the pharmacy .
By the end of the financial year , we will have seven new pharmacists and three maternity returns .
This will therefore make up for our departures from last year .
Restless Best
The situation , however , remains a delicate one .
Several factors , such as the shortage of hospital pharmacists or a predominance of young women in the profession , make situations such as that experienced in 2012 difficult to predict .
For us &#91; the number of staff &#93; is still precarious , because we have a young environment and many young women are employed , so with pregnancies , there are almost always three maternity leave leave when it goes well , she added .
The last year has had much more , and there are no pharmacists who are available to replace it , so it was more difficult .
The 22-year-old top does not start its career in the cinema by the back door .
The director Lars von Ter chosen to embody Charlotte Gainsburg young in Nymomaniac , his next film .
This semblance pornographic tragedy , with eight chapters that will emerge in two parts ( on 1 and 8 January 2014 ) , the erotic memories of a more sex quadragenary since its adolescence .
Study Martin ’ s resemblance to his eldest eldest is striking : a silver in the wind , a diaphanane , and Franco-English origins .
Let us not forget a certain sense of risk : that which had not hesitated to put glued on glossy paper is going to be seen in a situation that is far more sullious on a large screen .
An extract from Nymomaniac raised the temperature on the Tole : Stainy Martin appeared there in the expot with Shia LaBeouf .
If the provocative filmmaker has asked his actors to put their fingers on the shelf , he has resorted to X professionals for the most odious scenes of sex , before merging all the bodies numerically : above the belt , it is the star ; below , the pain . There is a lot of luggage .
From Björk to Charlotte Gainsburg , by way of Nicole Kidman , Lars von Trier used to push his crackers , always for the better .
Mr Martin has not finished talking about it .
A room for Nargood evacuees on Thursday evening
On Thursday evening , the first sitting of a film was interrupted to the Ma CMR in Narbona , as a precautionary measure , following the throats felt by the spectators .
Immediately , the director was evacuated from the Chamber and warned the fire brigades for a suspect smell .
About 70 people have emerged from the sitting .
People were examined and full recognition of the Chamber did not do anything .
Is it a joke on the tear of tear jet ?
Or an involuntary incident ?
Nevertheless , the management of the cinema has played the precautionary principle and the safety of its clients .
The room has been put on the back burner and everything has been put in order .
The cinema has been able to take up its rights and customers have been able to regain the pleasure of the pictures .
Only on screens .
It is trying to import 2 kg of cocaine into cement .
Taking advantage of the Hallween Day , a woman tried to bring two kilograms of cocaine into the country hidden away in cement tanks , on Thursday morning , at Montreal-Truu airport .
It was during the examination of passenger luggage that drugs could be detected .
The cocaine was distributed in three cages in advance .
The drug was then transported to the Canada Royal Gendermerie ( GRC ) office , which took over in this investigation .
The Canadian Border Services Agency ( SAFC ) did not show where the woman arrived when she was intercepted .
This is part of the investigation , indicating Jacque-Roby , spokesperson for the ASFC .
What I can tell you is that it is coming to the country .
Since the beginning of 2013 , border services at Montreal-Truu Airport have carried out 173 drugs seizures of drugs , including 10 cocaine seizures for a total of 44 kilograms .
In 2012 , the border services of the Quebec region of the Quebec region made a total of 1653 drug seizures .
Airlines against military installations in Syria
According to the Lebanese army , Israeli aircraft entered Lebanese airspace on Wednesday at the beginning of the afternoon , but the strikes took place in the evening .
A shipment of short-range SA-8 air missiles would have been targeted and destroyed .
This new raid in the aviation of Syrian territory on Syrian territory ( the sixth since the beginning of the year , according to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz ) has not been confirmed by either Israel or Syria .
The raid took place in roughly the same circumstances as the one that took place on 5 July : at the time , it was also an anonymous American official who had confirmed to the CNN an Israeli attack , this time on the &apos; Yakht &apos; missiles , delivered by Russia in Damascus .
Israeli officials had not hidden their irritation to see Washington reveal the attack , at the risk of forcing President Assad to respond .
Ukraine \ u0027s Bomb
On Friday , the rating agency Standard &amp; Poorne lowered the solvency rating of Ukraine , calling into question the capacity of the former Soviet Republic , which has been in recession for over a year , to face up to its financial obligations .
The note of the country &apos;s public debt is going to &apos; B- &apos; , sinking into the category of speculative investments .
It has a negative prospect , S &amp; P , which sees at least one chance in three that it is again downgraded in a year ’ s time .
&apos;It is becoming less and less likely that the government &apos;s strategy will allow sufficient foreign currency to meet its high external financing needs &apos; explains the US agency .
The agency notes that Ukraine ’ s foreign-exchange reserves fell by 26 % between September 2012 and September 2013 , and that the trend will continue .
This makes it difficult for money to be repaid abroad .
These reserves , which the authorities use massively to support the local currency , the hryvnia , collapsing , the agency is increasingly likely to devalue , which would increase its external debt .
Kiev also needs liquidity to settle its gas imports to Russia , which accuses it of not having paid a bill of USD 882 million .
This announcement is bad news for Ukraine ’ s power in a period of deep tension with Russia ’ s neighbor , furious about Kiev ’ s willingness to sign an association agreement with the EU at the end of November .
It was made public in the wake of the publication of official statistics showing that the country &apos;s economy had been in its fifth quarter of contraction between July and September .
Its relatively modest debt has exploded in recent years and S &amp; P estimates of 33.5 % of GDP , compared to less than 10 % before the 2008-2009 crisis .
For months , the country , with its budget deficit , has been calling for aid from the International Monetary Fund , which had granted it a credit of USD 15.3 billion in 2010 , and at the moment has only made it EUR 3.4 billion .
But the Fund refuses to pay any new tranche until the country adopts unpopular reforms to reduce its deficit , notably by raising gas prices to the population .
After a new failed mission in the country , the IMF this week noted that &quot; the important external financing needs &quot; were &quot; vulnerability &quot; , while &quot; signs of economic improvement &quot; .
However , for the economist Oleksandr Jooud of the Center for Political Studies , &apos; we cannot wait for a short-term improvement &apos; .
&apos;There is little hope that unpopular reforms will be launched in a pre-election year &apos; , since the presidential elections are due to be held in 2015 , is the expert who questioned the AFP .
The only hope is an improvement in the international situation .
In addition , S &amp; P notes the &apos; uncertainty &apos; linked to the possible signing of an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which Brussels is dependent on for the release of the opposition Yulia Tymoshenko .
&apos;Signing the agreement would be positive for long-term trade , but there could be negative consequences in the short and medium terms linked to Russia &apos;s reaction &apos; , explained S &amp; P , which fears &apos; trade restrictions &apos; from Moscow .
Russia , which represents a quarter of Ukraine &apos;s exports , warned that , in the event of the creation of a free trade area between the EU and Kiev , it should strengthen its border controls for imported goods .
America ’ s Green Flight to the Pubricis-Omnicom merger
Publication and Omnicom have said on Friday that they have not had any objections from the US authorities to their merger , moving closer to the creation of the first global advertising agency .
Fusion brings the second world agency , Omnicom , closer , and the third is public .
&apos; Olnim Group and Public Publication Group have today announced the expiry of the period of examination of the previously announced merger of the Public Properis Group and announced by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improtrusut Improvement Act of 1976 , as amended &apos;It is the two groups who announce in a communiqué .
They specify that they have also received the necessary permits in Canada , India and Turkey , after South Africa and South Korea .
The expiry of the review period provided for by the HSR in the United States and the authorisation decisions issued in other jurisdictions meet several of the conditions necessary for the operation of the operation .
&apos;Fusion is also conditional on the acquisition of other regulatory authorisations and the approval of the shareholders of the two groups &apos; , they add .
The Congolese army hunt the M23 rebels
The Congolese army ( FARDC ) announced on Thursday that its units would chase the M23 rebels into their bases in the forests and mountains of North Kivu bordering Rwanda and Uganda .
M23 is about to be beaten after being driven out of the towns in the north-east of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) that he has been controlling since the beginning , 20 months ago , of the insurgency .
&apos;We are going to carry on with the M23 and drive it wherever it hides because it is criminals &apos; , said in Reuters the Colonel Olivier Hamuli , spokesperson for the FARC .
We must not allow them to reorganise themselves because they have been martyred by the Congolese people for too long .
The time has come to bring peace .
M23 officials explained that they had evacuated the localities under diplomatic pressure , and Bertrand Bissimwa , the politician of the rebellion , said on the subject of rebellion that these military setbacks would not alter his demands for peace talks .
The latter , according to the Ugandan mediators , resumed in Kampala between the government in Kinshasa and M23 on Wednesday .
Transities are reported in the hills that dominate Bunagana , the last town in the hands of the insurgents to fall this week , as well as around Runyoni , a hill in which the M23 rebellion came into being in 2012 .
At their peak in November , the insurgents occupied Goma , the head of the province of North Kivu , taking advantage of the leak of government garrison and passivity of the UN ’ s blue helmets .
The fall of Goma led the United Nations Mission in the DRC , the world ’ s largest in terms of manpower , to strengthen its mandate and form a rapid intervention brigade made up of South African troops , malaise and Tanzanian troops .
For its part , the FARC headquarters was reworked , and the army went on the offensive against M23 , causing war to change .
The rate of progress of government troops is now unprecedented .
&apos;M23 seems to be coming to an end &apos; , predicted a Congolese business expert , Jason Stearns , on his blog Congo Siasa .
It would be historic - it would be the first time that the government in Kinshasa managed to beat a major insurgency .
It would also be the first time since 1996 that no armed group in Rwanda is present in the east of the DRC .
Experts from the United Nations blame Rwanda , which is fiercely denigrated , to support militarily on M23 , which was made up of former mutilated Congolese soldiers .
British diplomacy , William Hague , invited Rwandan President Paul Kagame to show restraint , announced a spokesperson for the Foreign Office .
Last week , Kigali referred to the possibility of military reprisals following shells falling into Rwandan territory .
On Wednesday , the inhabitants of Bunagana invaded the streets of the bourgade to welcome the entry of the FARC soldiers .
&apos;We lived a year with M23 , and it seemed unimaginable to be liberated by the army one day &apos; , which testifies to an inhabitant of this local town of Uganda .
&apos;We lived in terror ( of M23 ) , we are traumatised &apos; , and added this man .
The tests carried out by the Pasteur Institute on a patient suspected of being infected with the coronavirus were negative , announced the Ministry of Health .
It states that &apos; the two cases identified in May 2013 are therefore the only two cases confirmed in France to date &apos; .
On Tuesday , this 43 year-old patient was suspected of being reached , having returned from Saudi Arabia , a country where the disease has already claimed fifty lives .
Chevron , the second American oil company , reported on Friday of a fall in its quarterly benefit due to the fall in its refining margins , while its oil and gas production increased while remaining in line with the group ’ s objectives .
Its net third-quarter benefit has fallen to $ 4.95 billion , or $ 2.57 billion , compared to $ 5.25 billion , or $ 2.69 per action , one year before .
The analysts surveyed by Reuters averaged $ 2.71 per equity benefit .
The group produced 2.59 million barrels of oil equivalent per day during the quarter of the year , on the increase in comparison with the EUR 2.52 million produced a year ago .
Society is aiming at 2.65 million beds for this year , with a 25 % growth in output expected by 2017 .
The major part of growth in the coming years will come from its liquefied liquefied natural gas projects in Australia .
Due to the cost of these projects , annual investment expenditure has increased by USD 7 billion in two years and is expected to reach USD 36.7 billion in 2013 .
The profits from production activities fell slightly in the third quarter , while the profits of downstream activities ( including refining and chemical production ) fell by 45 % to 380 million dollars .
This reduction in refining margins affects the sector as a whole .
Chevron ’ s main competitor , Exxon Mobil , reported on Thursday of a shrinking net profit , despite rising gas and oil production .
Transport of schoolchildren : the complaint deemed admissible
Since the beginning of the school year of the SCAF Raderbrooke ( SCARS ) , there has been a demand from the beginning of the school year of $ 150 per pupil ( up to a maximum of $ 300 per family ) for school students to two homes , a service that the organization offers when it is in a position to do so . Let us do so .
Before the changes made to the last budget , no financial contribution was requested .
&apos;There is a mediation service which is proposed by the committee and I was interested &apos; , explains Mrs Lères .
According to her , the SCASS was invited to mediation and it asked for a further time to reflect on it .
&apos;It is always better to talk about it , to talk and find solutions &apos; , Mrs Lères .
The School de-School Commission ( SCARS ) did not wish to comment on it .
The organisation only meant that mediation was part of the process in a complaint .
Imports of Hail-God Eurbations
In view of the fact that some of the staff and trade unions have been fronting for months , including the GFT , the Minister for Health , Marisol Touraine , decided on 10 July &apos; to defer the timetable for the implementation of the project , and in particular the date of closure of emergencies which will not be able to take place on the 4 . November &apos; .
An official request &apos; in order not to run any risk on the handling of emergencies in Paris at the beginning of the winter &apos; , but which was also aimed at not hampering the PS campaign for a few months from the municipal authorities .
Despite the ministerial instructions , the closure should still be in place on that date .
Even if , in the APHP , we prefer to use the term &apos; transformation &apos; or &apos; change in continuity &apos; .
As of 4 November , the fire-fighters who guaranteed around a quarter of 40 000 annual passages in the Habel-God Eurgencies will all have received in order to take 30 serious cases per day to the emergencies of other Paris hospitals .
This 4 November date also corresponds to the renewal of the interturns .
In the Hathet-God , the insiders who specialize in urgencies will be left to five members of general medicine on Monday .
With regard to the transfer of the THs of internal medicine , it is scheduled for the month of this month .
&apos;The Hastel-God emergency service must close as soon as possible , and for us it is 4 November &apos; , without detracting from Loc Capon , the Chairman of the API , the Chairman of the API , who supports the direction of the management . .
&apos;On 4 November , there will be no patients brought up by the firemen , only people from their own means &apos; , confirming Professor Jean-Yves Fagon , the medical leader of the new Hytel-God .
&apos;But we will continue to receive emergency patients &apos; , does he tempt the permanent presence of SMUR vehicles on site to transfer serious cases .
There are senior doctors who are seniors who will stay there , and he is also making sure that this is the case .
But it is up to the LRA to decide to close the emergency reception service .
&apos;Things are being done gradually &apos; , according to Nicolas Péju , spokesperson for the LRA for whom , on 4 November , &apos; there will be no change in terms of service &apos; .
&quot; The minister lied to us or was lied to us , &quot; deplores the doctor ’ s doctor , General Kierzek .
Demonstration of the head of the SMUR at the beginning of July for having taken the frontline against the reorganization project is defined as a &apos; wake-up call &apos; in the face of a &apos; cynical &apos; decision taken by the &apos; medical and administrative technostructure &apos; .
&apos;They are in the process of emptying and suffocating emergencies which were renovated less than five years ago &apos; , does he believe .
For him , &apos; if the other Paris emergency services could absorb the surplus , there would be no problem &apos; .
However , they are on a regular basis .
For example , there are sometimes nine hours of waiting for Laribisière &apos;s urgencies .
To the LRA , it is claimed that 30 &apos; dispatched &apos; patients on several sites are not in danger of representing an &apos; avalanche &apos; in other emergency services , the human resources of which will also have been strengthened .
The &apos; new hospitality model &apos; , to the LRA as well as to the AHP , has been advocated since 7 October and should continue to receive 30 000 to 35 000 patients per year .
By the end of the year , general liberal doctors should also come to participate in the establishment of &apos; permanent care &apos; .
&apos;Where are we going to ask people to diagnose themselves &apos; , ask themselves Genera Kierzek for whom the &apos; not serious emergency &apos; concept is &apos; dangerous &apos; and marks a &apos; medical regression &apos; .
This is going to happen as in the case of Level 3 maternity hospitals .
People are not mad , they will go where there is the best provision of care .
If the Minister does not take a measure by Monday , we are going to change the sway , predicting Christopher Prudman , an emergency medical doctor and a member of the GTCT .
We are going to be even more present in the municipal campaign and we are going to think about presenting a list .
In Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet &apos;s team , Vincent Roger , the UMP councillor in Paris and elected from the 4th Enterprise , clearly announces that &apos; even if the UMP Paris was in favour of maintaining urgencies in the Holy God , it would be technically possible to do this . It is financially impossible to reopen them if we are responsible &apos; .
On Monday morning , Anne Hidalgo , the PS candidate , once again reminded France of the fact that it declared itself in favour of a moratorium so that there would be no closure on 4 November .
If that were the case , it would mark its clear disagreement , point Bruno Julliard , his spokesman .
Even though the restructuring of the Hathet-God has its legitimacy in terms of substance , we cannot accept it without an acceptable pattern of postponement to other hospitals .
Obama ’ s IMF and World Bank Swift
Barack Obama has ordered the National Security Agency ( NSA ) to end the interception of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in its intelligence activities , indicates a US official , Thursday .
This decision is part of the attempt by the White House to take over the hands of the NSA after the revelations made by former analyst Edward Snowden , a refugee in Russia .
This is the first time that the surveillance of the IMF and the World Bank has been mentioned by the intelligence agency since the scandal began .
When asked about the subject , a US administration official replied : “ The United States does not conduct electronic surveillance aimed at the headquarters of the World Bank and the IMF in Washington . ”
In the name of anonymity , this responsibility did not specify whether such surveillance had been put in place in the past .
Another official has said that Barack Obama has ordered that these practices be brought to an end in the past weeks .
This instruction was given more or less at the same time as that brought to the end of the UN headquarters in New York .
In this context , the Senator of the Intelligence Commission has approved a strengthening of controls on government surveillance programmes on Thursday , but has allowed them to continue .
The committee has introduced new restrictions on data that intelligence agencies are allowed to collect and has imposed a five-year limit for the conservation of this information .
The UN welcomes the new objectives for the fight against poverty
The United Nations will now set to work on a new set of objectives to replace the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , which were put in place 12 years ago to combat world poverty .
Australian diplomats have played a key role in highlighting the “ sustainable development goals ” intended to replace the MDGs , which will expire in 2015 , before the United Nations Summit on Sustainable Development that began in Rio de Janeiro .
They were in the final preliminary draft of the document , which will be adopted by world leaders , including Mrs Gillard , at the summit .
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on the eve of the summit that it is now time to “ overcome national interests . ”
&apos;I am pleased that the Member States have agreed to launch and appropriate the process of setting objectives for universal sustainable development ( ODA ) , &apos; , has added .
These ODCs will be based on the progress made in the context of the Millennium Development Goals and will be an integral part of the post-2015 development framework .
I will do my utmost to fulfil the mandate given to me by the Member States to achieve our vision of sustainable development objectives , which are based on the success of the MDGs .
The security concern in Mozambique is growing at the same time as there is conflict between powerful personalities .
In the statue of the statue of Sbegan Machel , Mozambique &apos;s founding president , thousands of people gathered in the centre of Maputo to chant peaceful slogans at a rare public demonstration .
‘ We want peace to return ; we want stability ’ , said Vanessa de Souousa , director-general of an investment company .
Inquet for the future of his country , she exchanged work clothes against a T-shirt bearing the name &apos; we want security &apos; in Portuguese before joining the crowded crowd on the capital place of the capital on Thursday .
For two weeks , there have been almost every day reports of conflicts between government forces and Ren<unk> , the worst seizures since the peace agreement that was signed more than 20 years ago .
Ren<unk> was once a famous rebel movement , supported initially by whites ’ Rhodesia , and then by South Africa ’ s apartheid government as part of the effort to destabilize the country ’ s independent government .
After a peace agreement signed in 1992 , it became an opposition party .
Analysts believe that the country should not relapse into open conflict , but recent events have shaken foreign investors and the local population .
There is a great deal at stake for the growing economy , as the discovery of huge offshore gas and coal reserves in the north-west could attract more than $ 50 Md of investment over the next few years from companies like Rio Tinto , Vale of Brazil , Italy , Italy , and Anadarko The United States .
The Foremo , the governing party and the main political force since 1975 , and the Renn<unk> blame each other , blame each other for tensions .
Ren<unk> says that the government is at the root of the recent clashes , and that it has launched an attack on its members in the province of Sofala , a traditional stronghold of the Rend , on October 17 .
The assaults on former rebels then degenerated when government forces attacked the bases of the Ren<unk> and tried to kill Afonso Dhlakama , the group leader , and Fernando Mazanga , the speaker of the Ren<unk> , according to the Financial Times .
The government is making the Ren<unk> responsible responsible for the conflict , and accusing him of attacking soldiers .
President Armando Guebuza has sought to minimise concerns about instability .
Mr Guebuza said on Wednesday , in the French press agency , that Mr Dhlakama regarded himself as a &apos; loser &apos; who wanted to use &apos; all the forces he had left to try to prove that he could impose his decisions on the government &apos; .
Foremo and Ren<unk> <unk> insist that they both want to avoid war .
But the concern grew after Mr Mazanga said that the Rend was abandoning the 1992 peace agreement .
He said in the FT that he wanted to say that the agreement was no longer respected by the Federo .
‘ We want to resume negotiations , but with the greatest seriousness ’ , Mr Mazanga said .
Previous talks between the parties have failed to alleviate the tensions fuelled by a series of conflicts this year .
“ These are two great men ( Guebuza and Dhlakama ) who don ’ t stop arguing , ” Joseph Hanon , a conferring of Mozambique ’ s open and specialist university , has explained .
None of them knows how to negotiate and none of them are prepared to make the necessary concessions .
Ren<unk> , who is in favour of electoral reform , had already said that it would boycott the municipal elections to be held in November .
Presidential and legislative elections are scheduled for next year .
Some commentators have interpreted its use of force as the attempt by a sick movement to obtain concessions and a treasure of war on the part of the government .
Referring to the votes collected by the RRP has been steadily declining since 1992 , while a new party , the Mozambique Democratic Movement ( MDM ) , which was created by a former member of the Renaissance , should obtain more votes in elections .
Mr Mazanga said that Mr Guebuza – who should withdraw at the end of his second term of office next year – wanted to destroy democracy in the country .
&apos;He does not want a multi-party democracy , he does not want transparent elections , he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency &apos; , Mr Mazanga said .
We do not know exactly what the capacity of Renana is , but it has led to disruptive attacks on police stations and vehicles on a major north-south motorway axis .
Most of the seams took place in the province of Sofa , which is several hundred kilometres from the north of Maputo , but where Beira is , the port where mining companies , particularly Rio Tinto and Vale , export coal .
In June , Rio was no longer able to use the railways for about a week after the Rend threatened to attack the railway line .
Mr Mazanga was mistakenly timid when asked whether the Ren<unk> would rekindle this threat .
The Ren<unk> wanted to “ warn the international community that things do not go well in Mozambique , ” Mr Mazanga pointed out .
Instability has strengthened the frustrations of the government , declares Fernando Lima , Medacop , to an independent media company , many people are also concerned about corruption , slow development , and the recent wave of kidnappings .
“ People believe that those responsible for the country ’ s future are the government and the president , and that it is up to them to find solutions to the problems , ” he explained .
Omar Sultuane , a manifestation , said that people only wanted stability .
“ No-one cares about Ren<unk> , or from Wilo , they just want to return to peace , they want free access to the roads , ” he added .
We should teach children myths and legs as &apos; lifestyle models &apos; , and declare the author .
The Légende de Thor could show that “ the brutal force does not carry weight in the face of subtle ruin , ” while arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream .
In saying that many myths would be “ far too violent , far too scandalous , and in some cases far too obscene to be taught at school , ” Crossley-Holland advocated “ careful selection ” of age adapted to age .
&apos;I think it is wonderful that , in America , the myths and folklore are already part of education &apos; , he said .
I have been in favour of this project for 20 years .
He added that the fact that authors and teachers are &apos; openly didactic &apos; means that children &apos; get completely out &apos; , with the messages being &apos; sublied &apos; in pleasant histories .
Crossing Holland , which translated Beowulf from the Anglo-Sase and wrote The Penguided Book of Norse Mythes , and British Golk Tales , said : “ You may have good intentions , but you prefer to keep them out of sight . &apos;
Perhaps the big difference between an adult author who writes for adults and an adult writer who writes for children is the need to offer hope .
Not that everything should be simplified or completed , but there is an innate sense of good and evil .
And it must be sublified ; it has been revealed in a history rather than declared .
The known basis of what is being shown and is not being said .
A fighter from the armed branch of Hamas was killed this evening and another wounded by an Israeli firing in the Gaza Strip , has been learned from medical and security sources in Gaza .
According to these sources , these activists were carrying out a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian territory and Israel when they suffered a shells from Israeli tanks .
The NSA : the US is “ gone too far , ” it admits to Kerry .
The US has sometimes gone too far on espionage , has recognized Secretary of State John Kerry , in the first polemic in Washington with Europe on massive data collection by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
After ten days of scandal , revelations , and denials between the US and their European allies , this is the first time that an American government official has explicitly recognized controversial practices in the NSA interception of communications and data in Europe .
&apos;In some cases , I admit , as the President has done , some of these actions have gone too far , and we are going to make sure that this does not happen in the future &apos; , said John Kerry at a conference in London in which he participated since Washington on 31 October by video link .
In his speech , in the presence of his British counterpart William Hague , the head of US diplomacy has long justified intelligence practices and gathering information through the necessary fight against terrorism and prevention against possible attacks .
Invoking the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Madrid attacks in March 2004 and the attacks in London in July 2005 , John Kerry assured us that the US authorities had had many plans for attacks , through the interception of communications and the collection of information .
&apos;We have prevented aircraft from falling , buildings do not explode and people are murdered , because we were able to be informed upstream of these projects &apos; , argued the boss of American diplomacy .
And , Mr Kerry said to the Europeans , &apos; I can assure you that in this process of innocent people , it has not been misled &apos; .
But we are trying to gather information .
&apos;And yes , in some cases it went too far in the wrong way &apos; , still admitted the Secretary of State , who had already had to speak on this international scandal at a tour last week in Paris , London and Rome .
He assured us on Thursday evening that President Obama was &apos; intent on trying to clarify and that he carried out a review of these practices so that no one felt deceived &apos; .
But the controversy between Americans and Europeans continued to grow this week with further revelations in the press .
According to the Washington Post , the NSA intercepted the data of hundreds of millions of Google and Yahoo users .
The newspaper , which cites documents obtained from the former NSA consultant Edward Snowden , says that the &apos; MUSCULAR &apos; programme , carried out with the UK NSA counterpart , GCC , allows these two agencies to recover . Data from the fibres used by the Internet giants .
According to one of the documents , some 181 million elements were collected in January alone - from metal to e-mail , to text elements or to audio or video documents .
These interception would take place outside the US .
But Yahoo and Google have denied any connection with these practices .
For ten days , several major newspapers in France , Germany , Spain , or Italy have shown that the NSA would have intercepted massive data and communications from allies of the US and their leaders , including German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Faced with the anger of European states , and while leaks in the US press were saying that the US President was not aware of such listening , Barack Obama has refused to speak on this subject , invoking national security .
By contrast , the boss of the powerful NSA , General Keith Alexander , has denied him that his intelligence agency has captured tens of millions of European citizens ’ communications .
He even returned the European intelligence service that had seized these communications before giving them to the NSA .
This would relate to &apos; military operations &apos; in countries where these NATO allies cooperate with the United States and this would not be aimed at Europe at all , said General Alexander .
And there was controversy over Asia on Friday .
Indonesia convened the Australian Ambassador , whose mission is accused of being used by the Americans as part of a vast network of international espionage that has also stirred up China .
The Paris Saint-German will receive Lorient Friday without his master &apos;s master , the Swede Zlan Ibraimovic , who is injured , is announcing the League 1 club in a communiqué .
PSG , the leader of the World Cup in front of Monaco , in contrast to goals , broadcast the list of players held for the 12th Day match , without the attack of 32 years .
The communiqué simply indicates that he is &apos; wounded &apos; , without specifying the nature of the wound .
He was , however , suffering from an inflammatory left when he returned to selection at the beginning of the month .
A ceremony in memory of the deceased dead
The crematorium of Father Lachen organised a secular ceremony at 11 a.m. in memory of all the dead who were created in his establishment during the year .
Anne Hidalgo , a Socialist candidate in the town of Paris , must attend , and then explain , at a press conference , his proposals for the funeral .
To follow the ceremony , it is a click .
For their own funeral , more and more French people choose the creation , rather than burial : 53 % , according to an Spsos study carried out on 6 and 7 September with 1009 people instead of 47 % .
On the other hand , the opposite is the case : the French prefer burial ( 53 % versus 47 % ) .
If they have the misfortune of losing a child , they are only 15 % to choose the creation .
In his ash book The Death to the ashes , Damien Le Guay , the philosopher and Vice-President of the National Committee on Ethics Ethics , insists on the &quot; violence &quot; that is the creation of the survivors , for the survivors .
In a very short space of time , in a very short space of time , and not after a process of decay , which &apos; would accompany the mourning phases &apos; , there is , with the creed , &apos; violence made to the loved body &apos; .
There is also &apos; symbolic violence &apos; , which is based on &apos; writing off the peculiarities and distinguishing signs &apos; that are reduced to the &apos; anonymity &apos; of the ash .
Why is it that what is being accepted with no difficulty in some of the Nordic Protestant countries is still badly lived in France ?
&apos;Because the creed is a new fact &apos; , and Marie-Frédérique Bacé , chairperson of the Socialist Society of Thanatology and author of the book , is calling for death .
It has only been tolerated since 1963 by the Catholic Church , which has limited attempts to affix it .
It is for François Micis Nérard , the head of the Paris City Service General Director of the Lille of Paris , to make provision for a ceremony as dignified as the one to which he would be entitled with his burial .
The annual survey of Ipsos shows a very strong commitment to organising the ceremony .
77 % of French people want one , for their relatives , whether they are religious ( 53 % ) , or civil ( 24 % ) .
Now , 73 % of people who have chosen a cream wish to organise a ceremony .
66 % of atheists or non-believers also wish to do so .
The crematoria have adapted to this development of society .
&apos;For ten years they have been trying to avoid the violence of an expectation , without doing anything , for an hour and a half , immediately followed by the ash surrender &apos; , observing Mr Michod-Nérard .
Seventy per cent of the establishments now offer masters of ceremonies , who carry out , in the presence of the body , the following ritual : to welcome the House , to appoint the defunct , to link it to the others , to raise it , to give meaning to its death , to organise the farewell .
This is the case in the case of Father Lachen , who has been in office since 1998 .
The masters of ceremony are often people who have been converted .
There are also former Catholic priests .
It is in this context that the crematorium of Father Lachen has been organising , since 2010 , the day of La La Tousset , several ceremonies of the remembrance , secular and non-religious , to which he invites the families of the people who have been created in the year .
For the second consecutive year , one of these ceremonies is on the line , to those who could not travel .
The crematorium has allowed us to pass it on .
Re-Housing Dream in La Seyne
At the beginning of the week , a family left his apartment at the bottom of the Frutidor D2 building due to the presence of rats .
In the face of the urgency of the situation , the director of the South Habitat Office has proposed , in an exceptional and provisional manner , to relocate the couple and his three children in a new T4 .
Yet the family refuses &apos; for financial reasons and the situation is blocked .
The case of Join Canapa , the director of the office , has assumed excessive proportions .
There have been rats , and there have always been rats in the cities .
The deprivation company carries out two passages per year , and we are also acting , at our expense , at every request from the inhabitants .
We have therefore , since the end of last winter , made 64 speeches .
The neighborhood is not left to abandon , and the rats do not pull out in the city .
For reasons of environmental protection and public health , it is only four times less effective than in the past , but for two rats we are not going to kill a taste .
&apos;We have not invited the rats to us &apos; , defending the father of the family who left their homes to settle in hotel .
We are soon without a penny , and we expect a new housing , at the same rate as the old one .
Tokyo Stock Exchange has fallen by 0.88 % , Acongei .
The Tokyo Stock Exchange ended on Friday despite good Chinese manufacturing statistics .
The cock has suffered from the dollar ’ s decline in the face of the yen , which is detrimental to export values and the warning about its annual result launched by Sony on Thursday .
The Nikkei index lost 126.37 points ( 0.88 % ) to 14 201.57 , and the Topix yielded 11.23 points ( 0.94 % ) to 1 183.03 .
Sony has fallen from more than 11 % to ¥ 1 668 .
A house of Forests in Vénée Quebec
A fire that broke out at midday in the Vtwo / Quebec was quickly brought under control .
More than 30 fire brigades have been sent to the 9 of the Hevert street .
The flames declared in a house of three homes over four stalls located behind the court of the Quebec Seminar .
All tenants were absent at the time of the fire .
The fire was brought under control one hour after the fire brigade arrived , many of whom were involved .
As soon as our first fire brigades arrived , they really saw the smoke .
&apos;Then the alarms were replaced , because it was building up to attack the building , because it was buildings coloured here &apos; , described France as the spokesperson for the Quebec fire brigades .
An investigation is under way to find the cause of this fire .
Ben Greenman : 10th anniversary of the New York Comedy Festival : The New Yorker
One could say that the city of New York was the place where the stand-by in America was born : almost 100 years ago , the actor of vivivivia Frank Fay , who held the role of ceremony in Palace Theater , on Broadway , was beginning to tell a blunder . These are directly to the public , the tone of the conversation .
Fay innovation has been perpetuated over the years , until the New York Foedy Festival has been taken up more recently .
Created and overseen by Caroline Hirsch , the founder of the stand-by club , the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year , with more than 60 spectacles presented in small clubs and great theatres .
“ Most of the posters emerged in Caroline , and had a great success , until they became too famous to play into a club , ” Hirsch said .
We have created this festival in order to be able to continue working with them .
The event of this year will see the participation of Wanda Sykes , Kathy Griffin and Bill Maher and the presentation of &apos; Stéd Up for Heroes &apos; , a evening of comedy and music to the former combatants , organised at Madison Square , Among other things , the Bruce Springsteen , Jon Stewart , Roger Waders and Bill Cosby will be present .
The festival has grown , as has the world of comedy .
Several of the comedians in this year &apos;s festival have been through non-traditional circuits , for example by presenting spectacles on small television channels , such as CCentral , FX and Spike .
Nick Kroll has appeared on the scene in a kitcom on a cable channel ( The League of “ The League ” on the subject of FXX ’ s joyful fantasy football ) and now has its own Comedos spectacle of Comedos . That is the Central Century .
Jenny Slate took part in the “ Saturday Live ” and was part of the series of “ Parks and Recreation , ” but it is more well known for his series of “ Marcel the Shell ” videos with ShoYou have &apos; .
Kroll and Slate , as well as other young comedians to the singular voice ( the surreal pessimist Anthony Jeselnik , the irony of the irony of racial justice W. Kamu Bell ) , are pure products from the decentralized world of the US edition .
One of the main factors of attractiveness of the festival this year will be an interview : David Steinberg with Larry David .
Steinberg began as a stand-by comedy , but he became a film and film director , as well as an unofficial historian of the comedy .
Between 2005 and 2007 , he animated a TV program that was called “ Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg . ”
The meeting is taking place at the Ville of Ville , in the Manhattan centre .
“ The city is permanently in the comical DNA of all the work of Larry , ” Steinberg said .
He told me that , when he was here , he sometimes went down a rude between two buildings and said , if I lose all my money , perhaps I will live here .
Oil prices continue to fall and are close to $ 96 a barrel .
The price of oil has continued to fall on Friday , while concerns about the size of stocks outweigh a report showing that China ’ s electricity manufacturing industry is growing stronger .
The price of the US benchmark for delivery in December fell from 14 cents to $ 96.24 a barrel at the end of the morning in Europe during electronic exchanges on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) .
The contract lost 39 cents on Thursday , leaving it with a cut of 5.8 % in October .
The plentiful supply of crude oil has been on the price in recent weeks .
The US Department of Energy said on Wednesday that US supplies had increased by 4.1 million barrels last week .
Over five weeks , supplies have increased by more than 25 million barrels .
But two reports on China ’ s manufacturing sector on Friday , which show growth in activity , suggest an increase in demand .
This suggests that China ’ s economic recovery could continue to rise after growth soared to 7.8 % in the third quarter , after a decline that had not been seen for two decades in the previous quarter .
Grent Brent , a reference for international oil already used by American refineries , has lost 26 cents to 108.58 a barrel on the London Inter-ConExchange ( ICE ) in London .
Avoiding the right to abortion in Texas
A federal appeal court restored certain restrictions in Texas to the right of voluntary termination of pregnancy which had been blocked by a judge of the first instance this week .
This judgment means that a piece of legislation adopted in July in that state and largely calling into question the right to abortion will be able to enter into force .
The ruling by the Court of Appeal means that the doctors who will be practising IVG will have to have an &apos; admission privilege &apos; to local hospitals .
The admission privilege is a doctor &apos;s right , according to his hospital status , to admit a patient to a hospital or medical centre in order to provide a diagnosis or treatment .
Advocates of IVG argue that the content of the law is likely to result in the immediate closure of one third of the state clinics , because these clinics have failed to obtain this &quot; admission privilege &quot; for their practitioners .
In total , it would be almost 22,000 women who would be deprived of access to these establishments .
On Monday , a judge of the first instance considered on the eve of the law &apos;s entry into force that the provisions dealing with the admission privilege were unconstitutional .
But the Attorney General of Texas , the Republican Greg Abbott , who holds the governor as governor , has asked the court of appeal to cancel the judgment of first instance that blocked the application of the law .
A plenary hearing on this issue is scheduled for January .
The New Star has succeeded in gaining strength , the hearings , with 1.3 million viewers behind their TV stations , or 5.6 % of the audience .
But was there a spectacle ?
Some 10 000 candidates appeared at the hearings of the 10th season in order to confront the jury : Marana , the Sinclair , the loser André Manoukian and Olivier Bas .
On Twitter , viewers shared their comments .
As a result of the excitement to return to their favourite agenda , many were disappointed .
But why do we have so much disappointment ?
No candidate seems to have really marked this first premium .
As every year , the first broadcasts of the hearing make a broad choice of songs in grass , for better and sometimes for the worse .
But , on Twitter , you want spectacles , emotion , originality , music ...
Fortunately , some of them have found their way .
Many of them have tried New Star , sometimes even to the end .
Behind the television screens , successful singers are still here , season after season .
Others just have the ambition to laugh .
The Court is blocking a decision on the NYPD ’ s control and search policy .
A federal appeal court blocked the decision of a judge , on Thursday , demanding changes in the New York Police and Control Programme in New York .
The United States Court of Appeal ( second circuit ) indicated that Judge Shira Scheindin &apos;s decision was suspended until the end of the appeal by the city .
The judge ruled in August that the city had violated the Constitution following the implementation of its programme to control and interrogate citizens .
The city has appealed for its conclusions and corrective orders , including a decision to grant a controller to help the police department to change its policy and the associated training programme .
The Court of Appeal listened to the arguments on the request for suspension on Tuesday .
The Court of Appeal declared that the judge had to be discarded because it infringed the code of conduct of judges by compromising the need for a judge to avoid any appearance of bias , partly because of a series of interviews to the media and public statements in which she publicly responded to the Court &apos;s criticism . .
The judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black and Hispanic men in their control and searches programme .
She has appointed an external controller to oversee the changes , including policy reform , training and supervision , and has ordered a pilot programme to test cameras on the body in districts where the greatest number of checks are carried out .
In August , the city of New York agreed to put an end to the practice of retaining names and addresses of people who were rejected after police control .
The hearing of the call by the city should take place after 14 March 2014 .
The control and searches tactics have been criticised by many civil rights defenders .
This monitoring and control system has been in some form for decades , but the number of registered controls has risen dramatically under the administration of the independent mayor Michael Bloomberg , to reach its highest historical level in 2011 with 684 330 controls , mainly related to black and home-source men . panic .
Judicial action was introduced in 2004 by four men , all of them from minorities , and turned into collective action .
Those who advocate changes in the NYPD ’ s control and search programme say that they will put an end to unfair practices , that they will have more effective police forces that are trusted , and will be able to change the way police departments use politics .
Opponents say that these changes would undermine the morale of the police without driving down crime , that would be a waste of money and would not solve the wider problem of police forces under pressure after the police were severely reduced over the last decade .
The judge pointed out that it did not put an end to the control and search practices , which are constitutional , but that they reform the way in which the NYPD implemented its controls .
The tenants must go , because each of them pays on average $ 100 a month on the price of housing in the Ville .
When the owner pays $ 5,000 in municipal taxes , he divides this amount between each housing .
We are obliged to increase rents in order to help us pay the new taxes .
By voting , we are sending out a clear message .
We need to change things in the Ville .
All the candidates have told us that they would tackle the scandalous debt .
We no longer have the means to pay for fireworks at $ 100,000 , from land to $ 40-5 million in case ...
Go to vote , that is the best way of expressing you and saying that it is enough .
End of service for the Elysée Elysée ’ s cooking leader
Introduced in the 500 m2 of the elysean kitchen as committed after working in embassies , the cook has engraved on all levels to become head nine years ago .
He served as six French presidents , from Georges Pompidou to François Hollande , to Nicolas Sarkozy , including on their holiday sites , and nurtured an incalculable number of the world ’ s large in a virtual anonymity than he is today , in retirement , At the age of 60 .
The man in the open face , dull and intellectual glasses , was born on 24 October 1953 to the Ferté-Saint Aubin , who holds a grackery CAP .
His mother was itself cooked in a castle of Soologna .
&apos;I have gone from one castle to another ! &apos; irradiated Bernard VauAuto , who knows not only the wives of the six presidents for whom he has officer , but also their wives and some of their illustrious guests .
&apos;It is always the Head of State or his companion or wife who chooses the menus &apos; , does he remember .
&apos;Mr Chirac was a little more involved , she came directly into the kitchen &apos; , to the point that she banned women in the Elysée Elysée !
If the heads of state with relative indifference to terrestrial feeding were to be believed , &quot; they are all greedy &quot; , kindly denouncing Bernard Vaueffects .
Mr Chirac was , of course , &apos; a slightly more developed appetite &apos; .
But with Nicolas Sarkozy , who had removed the cheese , the plates were empty !
François Hollande , who has restored cheese , “ is someone who likes to eat ” and “ there is not much that he likes . ”
The current state Head of State , who has returned to the kilograms lost before the presidential campaign , has no &apos; request for a specific regime &apos; .
Bernard Vauxis also remembers the pressure on his shoulders , particularly during the Elysée Line , to serve &apos; between 200 and 250 people in about an hour &apos; .
The night is almost white .
These people would not understand it if there were no mistakes .
The old head of the Elysée Elysée , who took a glass on Tuesday evening with his team , his family and friends , is part of the heart of the heart of the heart &apos; .François Hollande has come to welcome me &apos; .
He has said praise .
&apos;His human side has emerged &apos; , does he tell us .
The leader will be replaced by his deputy , Guillaume Gomez , 35 years , who has for 17 years been in the Elysée .
Fellow in a house built in 1850 in Quebec
An historic house built in 1850 was the flame of the flames in the Venri-Quebec on Friday lunchtime .
The four housing building located in the 15 Heibrert street has been the subject of three alarms with the fire service .
The fire declared in the front , but it stood out on the three strands of the building .
France Voisée , spokesperson for the Quebec Fire Protection Service , made it clear that the rapid intervention of the fire brigades prevented the spread of the flames to adjacent buildings , a major challenge for this sector in the city where the buildings are built closer .
The house burned in four homes , but no locals were on the scene at the time of the fire .
The damage has been limited , even though the water has caused damage .
An investigation will be carried out to determine the origin , but the killers have removed the theory of a criminal act .
Wall Street ’ s Wall of Wall Street
Martin Storese is leaving a few images of his next film , whose role as an ambitious New York broker , is embodied by Leonardo DiCaprio .
Forget to be reasonable and get out of your notes .
At Leonardo , you are going to see you as a lunatic trader .
Martin Storese told us the true story of a &apos; Mong Island broker , who refuses to cooperate with the authorities in a vast corruption affair on Wall Street &apos; .
In the 1980s , Jordan Belfort came up with a scam that will make him a rich , very rich man .
The opportunity to follow its incredible rise , but also the staggering fall that will follow .
Without limits , man chain the festival , women and drugs .
Doubts and excesses of any kind are the masters of this crazy story .
The Scorese-DiCaprio couple seems to have regained the magic that had united them in Shutter Island .
The exit from the new Scorese was delayed because of the fact that it was too long .
It seems that the film finally lasts at 2.45 .
In the Chamber on 25 December , he will be able to play a fair role in the race for the oscars .
Couping the telephone call to check a tup
The former editor of News of the World Andy Coulson would have used “ hacking , surveillance , and confrontation ” to try to confirm a bid pipe on a link involving the then incumbent Minister of the Interior , Charles Clarke .
The Chief Prosecutor Andrew Edit QC told the Old Bailey Court that News of the World had heard a false rumour in May 2005 that Clarke had a relationship with Hannah Pawlby , his “ lovely Special Adviser . ”
It was pointed out to the court that the newspaper , Glenn Mulcaire , a private detector , had to hijack the voice box of Pawlby and &apos; constantly plant its own house &apos; , but Coulson also called it and gave him voice messages .
&apos;The accusation suggests that Mr Coulson , who is now the editor of NotW , is not the kind of man who is to stay in the house of the people in the hope that he may surprise them ; it is the kind of man to love the history of the people to see what they say . That is what we are talking about .
He said that NotW used three means to investigate subjects : piracy , surveillance and confrontation .
The editor is personally involved in the third .
It is clear that it is aware of the second , the surveillance , and it cannot be otherwise .
But what about the first ?
Is he aware of the piracy of telephone calls ?
He says the opposite , but we say &apos; of course &apos; .
The rumours about a ClarW link were first taken up by NotW ’ s office when a source , with a sexual attraction to Miss Pawlby , said that he was told : “ Do not lose your time with her , she is with Charles . ”
One gang , on which pirated voice messages on his phone were at least three times , was seized at the home of Mulcary in August 2006 .
Investigators also found seizures on the private detective computer that related to Miss Pawlby and his sister sister in a “ Project ” dossier .
During the period when the detective system investigated it , Miss Pawby &apos;s grandparents received anonymous calls where they were asked for information about them , added Mr Eis .
In the meantime , the former chief executive Neville Thurlbeck and the former defer James Weaterup have overseen Miss Pawiby ’ s most important actions .
In a voice that he gave him on 18 June 2005 , Coulson said : &apos; I have a history that we plan to publish tomorrow , which I would really like to talk about in Charles . &apos;
Mr Edis said that the involvement of Coulson in history followed the same pattern as with other important men , such as former Interior Minister David Blunkett .
The jury was heard on Thursday that Coulson had had to deal with Mr Bunkett on a link with a married woman when he was himself the co-defense Rebekah Brooks , who was also married at that time .
Couson and Brooks deny that they have conspired with others to pirate between 3 October 2000 and 9 August 2006 .
Thurlbeck and Weaterup have admitted to hacking telephone calls .
Barack Obama ’ s Iraqi Prime Minister in the midst of a surge of violence
The US President was due to receive Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki , Iraq ’ s prime minister on Friday , 1 November 2013 , seeking assistance from the United States to fight the biggest wave of violence for the past five years .
In October , Iraq experienced the most murderous month in five and a half years , according to figures published by the Iraqi authorities on Friday 1 November .
964 people died in the violence in October , including 855 civilians , 65 policemen and 44 soldiers , and 1 600 people were injured .
The UN gives an even higher balance sheet , with 979 people dead and 1 902 injured .
This violence is becoming more and more murderous in spite of strengthened security measures and large-scale military operations launched for months by the government of Nouri al-Maliki , dominated by the Shi ’ a .
The total number of deaths in October has been the highest since April 2008 , when 1 073 people had been killed .
Approximately two years after the withdrawal of US troops , the level of violence is causing fear of a new conflagration while neighbouring Syria is in a state of civil war .
bombs hit markets , mosques , marriages and funerals .
Men are being shot on the streets or even at home , and the security forces are also being subjected to frequent attacks .
The growing discontent of the Sunni minority , in power under Saddam Hussein , who complains about being politically marginalised and being the target of unfair arrests , has encouraged this outbreak of violence .
On Friday , new violence killed four people in northern Iraq , following the death of at least 26 people in a series of attacks , including the explosion of five cars in the north of Baghdad .
Much of the violence was attributed to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant ( IIL ) , a group affiliated to al-Qaeda ( Sunni extremists ) , also involved in Syria ’ s civil war .
Nouri al-Maliki wants a “ global war ” against al-Qaeda .
The violence is at the heart of the talks in the United States of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki , who will be received on Friday by President Barack Obama , two years after their previous meeting , on 12 December 2011 .
At the time , the US President , elected on the promise of ending military engagement in that country , painted an optimistic picture .
Since he arrived in Washington on Wednesday , Nouri al-Maliki has increased meetings with the executive , and congressional elected representatives .
On Thursday , he called for the international community to conduct a &apos; third world war &apos; against Al-Qaeda .
The principle of increased security aid to Iraq is supported by influential Republican and Democratic senators .
But the latter also criticized Nouri al-Maliki , a Shia , giving him partial responsibility for the resumption of violence by his &quot; sectarian and authoritarian &quot; policy .
They also demanded that Barack Obama make it clear to Nouri al-Maliki that “ the pernicious influence of Iran within the Iraqi government is a serious problem in our bilateral relationship . ”
Beijing accuse an Uighur group of the attack on Tiananmen .
China ’ s internal security leader has accused Xinjiang of a group of Uyghur separatists on Friday to be behind the bomb attack that killed five people in Tiananmen Square in the center of Beijing on Monday .
The vehicle , a SUV , has shrunk over the crowd on the famous place of the Chinese capital , a symbol of the murderous repression carried out in 1989 , and made fire killing its three passengers and two passers-by .
Marg Jianzhu , a member of the political office responsible for internal security issues , has accused the Islamic Turkestan of being the instigator of this attack .
Many Uyghurs , a Turkish-owned minority in Xinjiang , call this Chinese province East Turkestan .
For the Chinese government , this movement is responsible for frequent eruptions of violence driven by demands for independence .
&apos;The violent terrorist incident in Beijing was organised and premeditated &apos; , said Mg in the honour of honor Phoenix TV .
&apos;The group that stood behind the scenes was the Islamic Turkestan &apos;s Islamic movement &apos; , and he added , as his words were taken up by the new China agency .
The Chinese police have identified the driver of the vehicle whose name suggests that he is of Uighur origin and made it clear that his wife and mother were with him in the car .
The latter also contained containers filled with gasoline and a flag with Orthodox religious enrollment .
The incident caused 42 people to be injured .
The Islamic Turkestan is regarded as a terrorist organisation by the United States and the United Nations .
The Safe Vatican on contraception , divorce and homosexuality
The Vatican has undertaken to conduct a major poll throughout the world on the way in which the parochial deals with sensitive cases such as contraception , divorce and couples of same-sex couples .
The survey asks the participants how priests look after couples and their children , and how they treat the men and women who live together without being united by marriage .
The poll was sent in mid-October at every national conference of bishops , with the deposit of as many answers as possible .
Information will serve an important rally on the family that Pope Francis plans to organise next year .
The news was reported on Thursday by the &apos; National Catholic Read &apos; , an independent Catholic newspaper in the United States .
A spokesperson for the United States Catholic Bishops Conference confirmed that the document was authentic and that every bishop would decide the appropriate way of sounding the parisiers .
In the United Kingdom , bishops published the Internet poll by asking Catholics to participate .
DRC : The Army attack the final fiefdom of the rebels
The intricacies of M23 , or a few hundred fighters , were entrenched at almost 2,000 metres of altitude on the agricultural hills of Channel , Runyonyi , and Mubzi , close to Bunagana and Joma , with two localities located at around 80 km north of the north . Goma , the capital of the province of North Kivu .
&apos;It has not stopped since this morning , the fighting continues in spite of the night &apos; , it indicated to the AFP an inhabitant of Joma , appended to 12.30 p.m. , and according to which a girl was shot dead in the morning .
&apos;The intensity of the confrontations has fallen a little &apos; , he added , &apos; it seems that the FARC Forces of the DRC have delayed the rebels a little &apos; .
According to this witness , it was anonymous , the soldiers had &apos; spent the night &apos; in Joma before moving on to a &apos; rabble-coding operation &apos; .
It was made very clear to him , behind him , that light weapons were being created .
From Bunagana , the political and final political fiefdom of the rebellion , to Wednesday , a journalist from the AFP could hear heavy arms detonations .
According to a source to the United Nations Mission for the stabilisation of the DRC , the fighting entered &apos; in a final phase &apos; , with the FARC &apos; having &apos; surrounded by the positions of the M23 to dislodge them &apos; .
Since the resumption , on Friday , of the clashes between the Movement of 23 Mars ( M23 ) and the army , Monusco has not been directly involved in the fighting , but it has provided government troops with decisive intelligence , observation and planning support .
At the end of the afternoon , several dozen soldiers , who were well supplied with ammunition , went to the front line .
They were armed with kalachnikov and rocket launchers .
A little earlier , on the road to Bunagana , a border with Uganda , military personnel aided by civilians were loaded with multiple rocket launchers on a burning truck from the FARC , to take over from another enslavement to the positions of the M. 23 on the hills .
The Congolese President , Joseph Kabila , has called on Wednesday evening the rebels once again to &apos; demobilise themselves &apos; under pain of being unarmed &apos; by force &apos; , but has let the Kampala process , where Kinshasa and M23 have been discussing since December without a result for the This is a moment .
On the spot , the M23 political leaders hope to reach an agreement .
&apos;We finished the talks , we only left the Ugandan mediation to organise the signature &apos; , said Roger Lumbaa , Vice-Chairman of the M23 delegation , without this information being confirmed immediately on the government side .
In April 2012 , M23 was born by a mutant of former rebels , mostly tutsi , integrated into the army in 2009 after a peace agreement .
The UN and Kinshasa regularly accuse Uganda and Rwanda of supporting M23 , which Kigali and Kampala refute .
North Kivu is one of the most densely populated regions of the DRC , and its subsoil is full of coveted mining resources .
In Bunagana on the Ugandan side of the border , where some 5,000 people were refugees between Monday and Wednesday according to the UN , the return movement to the DRC that started in the morning was reversed in the middle of the day .
&apos;This morning we went back to our fields , but the military told us to back us &apos; , said to the AFP Imelda Nyirankui , surrounded by his nine children , including a baby on his backs .
There is the impression that shots are coming closer to the people .
At the beginning of the evening , dozens of inhabitants were crossing the border , some with a matrix on their heads , to cross the night in Uganda .
The Musical Pass , this Past Beast
Slassifying , sophisticated , popular , English , or dancing production is taking off .
After Broadway and London , Paris finally finds its voice .
It is a revolution : French music is being asserted as a kind of success .
For a long time , from New Lady de Paris to Mozart the Opera Ora rock , most attempts would be made ridiculous .
And the successes , such as Cabaret or the Mistines , were the hallmarks of the mystery .
The arrival of Jean-Luc Choplin in the Châteland and the Senator - &apos; Entertélie in Mogador &apos; has changed the situation .
Today , these two scenes are making headlines as successful tubes .
The first is that , this Christmas , his excellent My Fair Lady and announced the global creation of &apos; an American in Paris &apos; .
In Mogador , &quot; Béle and the Bast &quot; may well be one of the successes of the season .
On the other scenes , musical spectacles such as &apos; 1789 &apos; , &apos; the lovers of the Bastille &apos; and the small musical comedians such as &apos; Disco &apos; or &apos; Life and Times &apos; are showing success and quality .
Patrick Niedo , author of the “ history of musical compound ” reference book and confer on the Chatteles Theatlian , analyses the reasons for the success that has been so badly won .
How is the French musical comedy ?
The supply has increased .
First of all , there are the &apos; musical spectacles &apos; that evolve as a result of the producers ...
Some use - beautiful projections of images and a - as in 1789 , the Amants of the Bastille .
Others are jumping back from 15 years on the pretext that one can be used as a poster in the poster .
After all , we have the musical comedy with the so-called &apos; somptuous productions of the Châteland &apos; which are bringing us back to the golden age of Broadway and are finding out the universe of Stephen Sonheim , the largest living composer .
Slightly populating the Anglo-Saxon musical editions of variety by adapting them to French .
Independent French producers are trying to achieve a breakthrough .
But ongoing projects like &apos; Rounce &apos; , &apos; The Baier of Enaided Women &apos; or the &apos; ESpring Spring &apos; have difficulty in being financed .
Do we have enough artists capable of being singled out as singer , playing and dancing ?
In Paris , when there are eight music spectacles in a season , it is a great year .
We have 200 talents who turn projects into projects .
In the United States , the cradle of the musical edifice , it is very different .
Young people are trained in these professions in many schools .
There are many jobs between regional theatres , which have been tormented , Broadway , off--Broadway ...
The breeding of talent is as high as the number of jobs to be filled .
Why are the torturers in the province so successful ?
With the exception of the opera , the province remains the poor relation of culture in France .
Few theatres of theatre leave on tour , and it is often the theatre of a souleard for adults and not for young adults .
There is a lack of musical spectacles .
It is these same young people who love reality and what it produces as ephemeral stars ...
Proposing beautiful ( often talented ) young men at the forefront of a musical show is the assurance that these young girls and often their entire family will be engulfed .
The Facebook pages of these spectacles are appalled by professionals who answer questions .
These spectacles are very expected when they arrive in a province of province .
The tide is rising in Paris and dressed up by provincial provincial forces .
Show is designed to enter all the large French Sales in the same form as in Paris .
A serious wounded in an accident with a ghost driver on the ring of Brussels
A road accident caused a serious wounded , Friday morning at 530 , on the internal ring of Brussels to Hoilaart , to Waterloo .
A driver &apos;s car was housed by a phantom driver who is unscathed .
The ring was closed to the circulation , up to 9.00 , at the time of the accident , the time that the road was cleared and an expert determines the circumstances of the accident .
This situation has not , however , caused any traffic congestion , because the accident took place at the height of the Hoilaart exit .
As a result , traffic has been diverted from the exit / entry .
An infamous child wounded in an appeal to Disneyland Paris
A five-year child was seriously injured as a result of an accident involving an attraction at Disneyland Paris .
Its vital prognosis is no longer committed , but it is still in hospital .
At the time of the fall , the boy was with his father on a ship of the &apos; PiPhof Caribbean &apos; attraction .
It has been closed down until further notice .
DRC : The Army is preparing a new assault
Children are playing on carbon leaky belonging to the M23 rebels in Kibumba , on 31 October 2013 , in the east of the DRC .
The Congolese army was preparing for a new attack on the latest bastions of the M23 rebels of the M23 near Bunagana , in the east of the DRC .
The aim is to dislodge M23 of the hills which surround Bunagana .
Yesterday we took the Buina hill , which overshoots that of Mubzi .
Today , Mubzi should fall from herself .
There will be no more than the Runyonyi hill .
&apos;It is not very strategic &apos; , it has indicated that the AFP has the Governor of North Kivu , Julian Pluku .
Mr Pluku plans to go to Bunagana on Saturday .
This locality is located on the Ugandan border at around 80 km north of Goma .
It was taken on Wednesday by the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo on Wednesday .
Since then , a few hundred of the M23 ’ s are cut off to almost 2 000 metres of altitude on the agricultural hills of Chancellor , Runyonyi and Mubzi , close to Bunagana and the nearby locality of Joma
In Joma , an inhabitant of close fights on Thursday , for all day , indicated that the situation was “ quiet since this morning . ”
According to him , a woman and his child were killed by the fighting on the eve and were buried .
A girl was shot dead , and three other people were injured , with a grievance , evacuated by the FARDC , added that baton by the AFP .
Since the resumption of fighting between FARDC and rebel on 25 October , the two belligerents have not given any account of the loss of human life .
The NSA ’ s revelations increase companies ’ paranoia about state surveillance .
In a beautiful day at the end of August , a German police helicopter soared at low levels of the British Consuate in Frankfurt , the financial capital of Germany .
At the behest of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( BfV ) , the German national intelligence agency , its mission was to photograph the roof of the US outpost , located less than 5 km from the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank .
The German media explain that BafV had hoped to identify the presence of listening antennae and that the operation gave rise to an exchange between the United States and the German Foreign Ministry in Berlin .
Never again in September , the director of the American intelligence services , insisted that the US does not use foreign intelligence capabilities to “ steal foreign companies ’ industrial secrets for American companies in order to increase their international competitiveness or increase their profits . ”
But , since Edward Snowden , the consultant , has begun to uncover his inexhaustible wealth of information about US surveillance secrets , European governments and business leaders no longer know whether to believe the director .
Reports , according to which the US National Security Agency spy on Brazil ’ s oil company Petrobras and had access to data held by US suppliers of storage services in Cloud , including Google and Yahoo , has been more than ever aroused by paranoid paragons . We have to do something about state surveillance .
The revelation that German Chancellor Angela Merkel had been hacked , perhaps for a decade , was the drop of water that broke the camel &apos;s back .
If Europe ’ s most powerful person can be targeted , then business leaders are surely also potential targets .
Snowden has made the intensive collaboration between US intelligence and companies transparent .
I think it is conceivable that these data will be used in their mutual interest .
&apos;Germany must wake up &apos; , declare Oliver Grün , President of BITMi , who represents the German SMEs in the IT sector .
German companies believe that the US is a risk as important as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data flight , according to an investigation published by the EY cabinet in July .
However , in all the documents unveiled by Mr Snowden , there is no indication to date that the United States has passed on industrial secrets from foreign companies to American companies .
Politicians have expressed their concern that the EU does not have sufficient computer and Internet capabilities and believes that it should strive to reduce its dependence on the United States .
Business leaders are skeptical about this .
One Member of the German Parliament says that we should create a German Google .
I can only close our eyes and re-open them slowly ...
“ This is not the right way to go , ” says Haso Plattner , the president of the German company software company , SAP .
If we wanted a strong European IT industry , then it should not be allowed to die 20 years ago .
Everything is subsidised in Germany , from coal to cars , to farmers .
Everything but the IT industry .
Yet the scale and sophistication of US espionage agencies exposed by Snowden ’ s revelations was a shock to some companies that thought until now that China represented the biggest risk in terms of surveillance .
A major change is taking place in cloud computer , as European officials have become aware that data stored in the United States are governed by the laws of this jurisdiction and thus potentially vulnerable .
According to a survey carried out by the Cloud Security Alliance , a professional body , some 10 % of non-US members abandoned their plans to use an American supplier of stall storage services after the revelations about the US Prism data exploration program .
Jim Snabe , co-director of SAP , says : &apos; Our customers are asking us today a question that they did not ask us a year ago : where my data is stored and can you assure me that they will remain physically in that court ? &apos;
Many German leaders indicate that the latest reports are only a confirmation of what they already knew , namely that powerful states want to steal their most valuable secrets and that this data must therefore be kept at all costs .
It is not surprising that there is economic espionage .
There have always been .
&apos;It has been a recurring theme for many years and nothing has changed fundamentally in the context of the current discussion &apos; , declares Kurt Bock , Director-General of the BASF chemicals company .
The Americans are spying on business and industry just as we are spying on them , because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses .
Entrepreneurs are generally reluctant to reveal the preventive measures that they have put in place , in the event that this would leave an adversary to the advantage of an opponent .
Large companies have long held the message that it is unwise , at least , to recoup a free USB in a professional showroom or to leave a laptop computer in a hotel room .
Ulrich Hackenberg , a member of the board of the Auto-car manufacturer , says that the collection of mobile phones prior to board meetings , so that they cannot be used as remote eavesdropping devices , has been common practice for years .
Germany ’ s BFV advises its leaders to consider using simple mobile phones paid for their journeys abroad because of the risk of undermining the integrity of smartphones .
Mobile phones that are paid for are then thrown out .
However , it is feared that small and medium-sized enterprises will remain vulnerable to piracy and surveillance .
In Germany , many SMEs are world leaders in their particular niche .
&apos;SMEs often lack experience , staff and financial resources to effectively protect their industrial secrets against unauthorised access &apos; , warning BfV in a report .
The United States alerts their own companies to the activities of economic espionage by other countries .
The United States National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) was quoted in February by the United States , as was Russia and Israel , which were guilty of hacking on economic intelligence , behind China , according to the Washington Post .
A member of the board of a renowned German company thought that , when it comes to economic espionage , the French are the worst .
Bernard SQuartet , the former French Internal Intelligence Director , the DCRI , said in an interview this month : “ Services know perfectly well that all countries , even if they cooperate in the fight against terrorism , are spying on their allies . ”
The parents of a teenager of Georgia , who died in unusual circumstances , believe that their son was murdered .
The parents of a teenager of Georgia , whose body was found in a rudderless carpet in the gymnasia of his high school , think that their son was murdered , declared a family lawyer on Thursday .
Kendrick Johnson , from Valdosta in Georgia , was found on January 11 , stuck in a strong carpet behind the grains of the gymnasia of his high school .
The investigators of Lownu ’ s Sheriff concluded that Johnson had died in unusual circumstances , but the 17-year-old family ’ s family is contesting these conclusions .
“ They are absolutely sure that their son has been murdered , ” said Benjamin Crump , the lawyer , Mr Kenneth and Mr Johnson , on FexNews.com.
They never thought that he was dead , as is stated in the conclusions of the sheriff .
“ They think it defies logic , the laws of physics , and common sense , ” Crumonp added .
They are convinced that these conclusions were delivered solely for the purpose of covering the people responsible for the death of their son .
“ They sent their son to school with a cartable , and they were given them in a mortal sack , ” he added .
The US Public Prosecutor Michael Moore said on Thursday that he was conducting an official investigation into the death of Johnson , pointing out that a number of important issues remained unanswered .
What is the cause of death ?
Is his death the result of a criminal act ?
Moore spoke at a press conference on Thursday afternoon .
I shall follow up the facts , wherever they lead .
My aim is to find out the truth .
“ I think there is a sufficient basis for an official investigation , ” he said .
Moore told journalists that the first post-mortem indicated that Johnson was killed by “ positional asphyxia . ”
However , a second post-mortem has identified another cause of death , according to Moore .
&apos;A number of questions still deserve a response or confirmation &apos; , he indicated .
Moore added that if he uncovered elements of a civil or criminal investigation into the death of Johnson , he would ask the FBI to carry it out .
The representative of the Sheriff County Office was not available to give us his opinion when we contacted him on Thursday .
A southern Georgian judge ordered the authorities to hand all the videosurveillance records that the investigators had examined on Wednesday .
The parents of the teenager said that they hoped that video images would contain evidence of the circumstances of his death .
The CDC publishes advice on allergies in children for schools .
On Wednesday , the US Centre for Disease Prevention and Prevention published a series of directives on how to deal with children &apos;s food allergies in school .
This is the first set of guidelines that the US government publishes , as the number of school-age children suffering from food allergies has risen sharply .
One in 20 children in the United States is now suffering from a food allergy .
The CDA found that the prevalence of food allergies in the child increased by 18 % between 1997 and 2007 .
The guide contains information for schools on how to raise awareness among the professor and the staff of food allergies in the child , and how to deal with them in the event of an allergic reaction .
It also recommends that schools should have an inventory – the EpiPen brand as the most commonly used – to be able to react quickly in the event of potentially lethal anathema .
The Member States &apos; legislative assemblies recently updated regulations to make it easier for schools to have an stock in stock .
The report also includes a list of typical symptoms reported by children who have an allergic reaction .
Children can say , ‘ I have the impression that something is the language of my language ’ , ‘ I have the impression that I have a horse on the language ’ or ‘ I have pcots on the language ’ .
The NSA case highlights the absence of a total intelligence debate .
How can we explain the contradictory attitude of the French Government , which on one side is offended in public by convening the United States Ambassador on 21 October , and on the other banning overflying of the territory by the Bolivian presidential aircraft , on the basis of the rumour of the presence on board at Edward Snowden ?
In my opinion , there are two levels of response from the French Government .
When François Hollande calls Barack Obama or Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius the US ambassador , they respond to a real discovery , which is the scale of US supervision over all communications in France .
Is it not surprising to read in the columns of Monde just a few weeks apart from the reproduction of American diplomatic correspondence and a condemnation of the words of the Nai d &apos;Orsay by the NSA ?
Would it not be like a hypocrisy on your part ?
The journalistic approach is not a moral positioning , but a search for the interest and relevance of information that makes it possible for every citizen to form an opinion .
When WikiLeaks lift the veil over the analysis by US diplomacy of political or other issues around the world , we believe that , in view of American power , this is an important lighting .
When we describe the American interception systems against French diplomacy in the United States , it is by no means the case that we are indignant about this practice , it is to describe the world as it is .
Has France received information from the NSA on terrorist operations against our interests ?
Can we deprive ourselves of American cooperation ?
The way in which the United States , but also France , has been able to put in place a decade of technology for intercepting very powerful interception technology has been officially justified by the fight against terrorism .
Indeed , in this area , France and the United States , in particular , have established procedures for cooperation and exchanges of information almost daily , and which are described on both sides as essential .
By way of example , the presence of Mohammed Merah in the tribal areas in Miranshah was reported to the French thanks to the resources of the NSA .
France can be led , for example , to pass on entire blocks of data on the Sahel region to US services , and in return , as has already been said , Americans can give the French information about other parts of the world .
The fundamental issue behind this NSA case , therefore , is not so much the ability or the right of the countries to equip themselves with interception tools , the question of the total absence of prior debate , particularly in the Parliaments , the justification of such systems , the perimeter that must be their own , and , at the end of the day , , the issue of attacks on freedoms .
What is the real risk to the US , a deterioration of its image ?
Although they are denounced , I do not see how they can be punished .
America ’ s risk can be twofold .
The first is when their allies – and this was the case recently – learn that their leaders , sometimes at the top of their state , have been monitored .
This is the case with Brazil and Germany , two countries where diplomatic relations with the US have strained .
Another effect may be more economical : more and more European or South American companies are reluctant , in the light of revelations , to entrust their confidential data to American suppliers who are subject to American law , and thus to the grip of the NSA .
My final point is that the vast movement of media revelations from all over the world , which helps to initiate a debate on the surveillance practices of intelligence services hitherto almost non-existent , could push legislators , including US legislators , to reconsider the powers that they have given to their intelligence services .
Parents of intersexual children can choose ‘ undefined sex ’ .
Germany has become the first European nation to recognize a third sex for infants born with ambiguous sexual organs .
The male or female sex of the new born will no longer be assigned to birth in a rigid manner .
Under the new law , parents will no longer be required to declare the sex of their children , allowing them to enter an &apos; indefinite &apos; sex or &apos; unspecified &apos; sex on their birth certificate .
The aim of the law was to remove the pressure on the shoulders of parents who could take hasty decisions on the surgery of sexual assignment for their infant , and to combat discrimination against people who are intersexually discriminated against .
According to the BBC , an intersexy person would have said years later , “ I am neither a man nor a woman . ”
I will remain the patchwork of doctors , connivance and whistle .
It is estimated that a child of 2 000 born each year is neither a boy nor a girl .
They are intersexualized , intersexuality , which is part of the sixty diseases diagnosed as disorder in sexual development , a generic term that designates atypical chroosomes or atypical ( ostensibly ) atypical or undeveloped sexual organs . .
Mrs Simpson could have been intersexled .
Sexual identification is still not well understood , but most experts in the United States say that when gender cannot be determined , it is better to use the best information available to attribute it , then wait and monitor the psychological and physical development of the child before considering a surgical act , if necessary .
Dr Jack Drescher , a psychiatrist in New York and an expert on sexual identification , said that the new German law &apos; seems to be a good idea &apos; .
Intersexy children pose an ethical dilemma .
“ Some people suffer from extremely serious diseases that require surgical action , but most children do not , ” he added .
It is possible to make sexual assignment without operation , and to see how identity develops .
The science of how a child develops a sexual identity is not very precise .
Nobody can answer the question as to why this is happening .
It is like the mystery surrounding homosexuals .
A report submitted to the European Commission in 2011 described people who are intersexualised as different from transgender or transgender people , since their status is not linked to gender , but rather to their biological constitution , which is neither that of a man nor exclusively that of a woman , but is generally the two at the same time . and not clearly defined as one or the other .
These characteristics may manifest themselves in secondary sexual characteristics , such as muscle mass , piloting , cherry-picking , and stature , primary sexual characteristics ( such as reproductive organs and sexual organs ) , or the structure of chroosomes and hormones .
The report also gave an overview of the discrimination faced by intersexual and transgender people in employment , as well as the extent of acts of harassment and violence and crimes motivated by prejudice .
Young non-compliant boys now have camps specially intended for them .
Australia and Nepal already allow adults to include male , female or ‘ third sex ’ on their official documents .
In June , an Australian 57-year-old Australian , Norrie May-Welby , became the first person in the world to have been “ neutral ” after winning his appeal trial , allowing him to keep a “ unspecified ” sex for life .
German passports will include a third or F designation , or F – for intersexy , according to the Ministry of the Interior .
In neighbouring France , gender issues are still the subject of controversy , according to a report broadcast on France 24 .
In 2011 , dozens of law-makers in this deeply Catholic country signed a petition for “ gender theory ” to be removed from school books .
The American state of Cathec Online also opposed German law , writing that “ since the world is dragged into a new rule in which gender is a choice but sexual activity is not one , you are reversing two other pillars of civilization . ”
In Maryland , the mother of an infant also declared Baby Zone that she would prefer a sex to be attributed to babies at birth .
“ The role of parent is staggering enough without further restrictions , especially if you do not know the sex of your child , ” she said on the site for young parents .
Children need stability and certainty .
Historically , children born without male or female sexual organs were called hermphrodite , according to the name of the wonderful Greek god who had a dual sex .
And , just about ten years ago , the medical community regarded gender as a garden , which can be wiped out and which can be redrawn .
But now many people are calling into question the ethical basis of surgery , knowing that sexual identity is complex and that sometimes doctors can be wrong , not knowing how a child will feel his sexual reassignation when he grows up .
In the middle of the 20th century , this was called a psychiatric emergency . &apos;
When these children were born , you did not call the psychiatrist , you were phoning the surgeon .
The prevailing theory about how to treat children with ambiguous sexual organs was launched by Dr John Money , the Johns-Hopkins University , who considered gender malleable .
He devoted the term “ sexual identity ” and argued that social and environmental signals – the way in which parents raise a child – interact with a child ’ s genes and hormones to shape it to be identified as a female or female male .
But , in a case of 1966 , known as “ John Joan , ” his theories gave rise to controversy .
He advised the parents of a boy whose pens had been cut off during a botched circumcision to have him fully castrated , also taking away the testicular and raising him as a girl .
“ Money presented this as a successful transition , but it was not the case , ” he said .
At the age of 15 , he has once again become a boy and married with a woman .
But , at 38 years , he committed suicide .
Dresreer said that some doctors are “ repeating this model . ”
But in the 1990 &apos;s , with the arrival of the Internet , those who survived these sex changes say &apos; they are not satisfied with the result &apos; .
This is the case of Jim Bruce , a 36-year-old writer of Montana , who was born with chromosomes XY but ambiguous sexual bodies .
Doctors could not really say whether he had a broad cliché or a small pense , and were convinced that he could never have a “ good life ” as a man .
So little time after his birth in 1976 , Bruce suffered a surgical abrogation of the external body and testicular and was raised like a girl .
They were taken to account for female hormones at the age of 12 .
“ I knew that I was not a girl , ” he said about ABCNews.com.
I was not happy , but it was really difficult to ask questions .
At the age of 18 , he has been vagoplated .
But depressed and realising that something was wrong , he asked for his medical dossier .
What he discovered was horrified .
I was sterilised at birth – and no one ever told me .
Bruce was born with a disarray of sexual development ( DDS ) , which prevented her body from producing enough testosterone for sexual organs to develop .
Having learned the truth , he has once again become a man , following a treatment in testosterone and taking away the seins .
surgery has made it sterile .
Today , he is defending the cause of others in an organization called the Project Interface , which is trying to normalize the perception of sexually motivated people .
But Anne Tamar-Mattims , director-general of the non-profit organization based in California for Informal Choice , fears that the German law “ invites labelling and stigma . ”
“ Many activists worry that German law will encourage parents to take quick decisions and give their child an “ indefinite ” sex , ” she said .
We are afraid that it will encourage interventions .
We believe that it would be better to give a male or female sex and wait .
But we have not seen what the law is going to be , so we can only put forward assumptions .
Tam-Mattims said that his organisation supported Australian law , because &apos; it allows adults to choose to be recognised under the third sex &apos; .
“ Adults should be able to make their own decisions on legal matters , ” she added .
The German law relates to the allocation of sex at birth .
This is not a battle that young children should be fighting to this age .
When they grow up , they will be able to take decisions on their own bodies .
But Dr Arlene Baratz , who is specialist radiologist in Pittsburgh mammography , whose daughter is affected by a disorder of sexual development and helps thousands of people in a support group , has said that the German law &apos; will &apos; &apos; make parents &apos; and the Children .
Dr. Baratz ’ s daughter , Kawz , was born with male chroosomes , but suffers from a DDS called insensitivity syndrome with anodrodos .
As a result of the failure of anodrogen receivers , Kaws has developed female characteristics .
She has a vagin , but she does not have uterus or ovens .
Today , 29 years , Kawa is married and internal in infant psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania .
Although it is sterile , it hopes to have children through adoption services or surrogate mothers .
&apos;The law leaves a certain latitude to parents so that they do not have to take hasty decisions &apos; , said Baratz .
This gives them time to carry out certain tests and understand them , and a deadline before putting &apos; male &apos; or &apos; female &apos; .
So everything goes well – you can raise your child and love it .
You have a wonderful baby and take advantage of the pleasure of being parent .
You do not need to rush for a surgical intervention that is irreversible .
‘ This puts children at the heart of the decision and reduces the sense of anxiety that motivates parents because they are afraid of not doing what they need ’ , has said .
Finally , the child will decide with which sex he / she feels the most comfortable – and that is a great thing .
This allows the child to take the decision for himself .
Letta in the longevity of his government
The President of the Italian Council , Enrico Letta , considers that his government will be held until 2015 , despite the strong tensions between left and right in the ruling coalition in the run-up to the vote of the Senate in the run-up to Silvio Berlusconi of his term of office .
In a daily interview with La Stampa , the center-left leader said that he had “ firmly committed to continuing to govern with his coalition until the next parliamentary elections in 2015 .
The Italian Parliament &apos;s upper house will meet later this month to decide on the fate of the former President of the Council who was convicted of tax fraud in August .
Silvio Berlusconi threatens to withdraw his support for the government if the Senate , where he has more adversaries than supporters , discharges his dismissal .
But part of his camp , grouped around the National Secretary of the People ’ s Freedom ( PDL ) , Angelino Alfano , continues to support the government , as demonstrated by his refusal to give in to Berlusconi ’ s injunctions who already wanted to bring the cabinet down .
L.A. Times reports that an agent of the US Transport Safety Agency , TSA , and a suspect were injured during the exchange of guns .
The fire-fighters who were called on the scene claimed to have responded to an appeal of &apos; many wounded &apos; .
&apos;The forces of law and order are on the spot &apos; , says the airport on its Twitter account , when pictures of televisions showed people evacuated in ambulances .
&apos;There was a shooting &apos; , said to the AFP a spokesperson for the US Transport Safety Agency ( TSA ) .
The local ABC antenna showed a person evacuated on a peg , and a second transported on a wheelchair .
The incident took place at 9.30 a.m. ( 12.30 in Montreal ) at terminal 3 of the airport , also specified the airport .
The Los Angeles Times says that teminals 2 and 3 are being evacuated .
The TSA spokesman was not in a position to confirm immediately whether one of his employees was injured .
All flights to and from the airport were suspended .
The Israeli Army kicking a member of Hamas to Gaza-Ses
The firing of Israeli tanks killed an Islamist Palestinian militant on Thursday and has seriously wounded another in the south of the Gaza Strip , and has been taught after sources of health services .
A source from Hamas has explained that fighting has broken out in this region , because Israeli tanks have crossed the border and were targeted by Palestinian morals .
The Israeli army has only referred to a &apos; targeted action &apos; in the area close to a &apos; terrorist &apos; tunnel by the Jewish state , digging at the border , the discovery of which was announced in the middle of October .
Report : The Obama Campaign Biden for Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama ’ s closest advisors envisaged , in the greatest secrecy , the replacement of Vice-President Joe Biden by Hillary Clinton on the 2012 list , according to the New York Times .
This revelation is the most striking event in the eagerness of the 2012 Mark Halperin and John Heilmann campaign , “ Down Down : Game Change 2012 . ”
The Times obtained a copy of the book to appear and told Thursday evening that the president ’ s close collaborators had conducted “ hard work in groups and polls at the end of 2011 ” to see whether Biden ’ s ouster could help Obama in his re-election while his hopes were dwindling .
According to the political correspondent Jonathan Martin , the book provides a detailed analysis of the work of senior officials in the campaign and of the White House , namely former Secretary General of the White House Bill Daney , to measure what effect the replacement of the vice-president by former Clinton Secretary of State will have . The vote could be on the ballot .
The possibility of an exchange is a secret that has been fiercely guarded in the Chicago Campaign in Chicago and inside the oval Bureau .
Only half a dozen members of the president ’ s senior advisors – including , for example , Obama , Obama ’ s former head of campaign Jim Mesina and former advisors in the White House , David Axelrod , and David Plouffe – knew that change was under consideration .
“ Down ” indicates that Daney led Biden , despite their “ close personal links , ” before finally deciding against change when the figures showed that Clinton was on the “ presidential list ” “ not significantly improving Obama ’ s chances of success . ”
In an interview with Martin , Daney confirmed that the administration had actually planned to replace Biden by Clinton .
‘ I said that I had examined a whole range of issues , and that was one of them ’ , said Daney to the newspaper .
Remember that , at that time , the President was not in shape , and so we were told , &apos; Lord , what can we do ? &apos;
As Damy called the “ concerted ” examination , Martin indicated to Anderson Cooper of CNN that the re-election campaign had invested a lot of money to find out whether the change would be beneficial in the election .
&apos;Campaigns do not spend a lot of money on polls and discussion groups unless they are serious about taking action &apos; , said Martin on AC360 .
However , it is not clear whether Obama was aware that his team was looking at replacement .
Martin said on CNN whom he had asked for in Daney if his boss was aware of the possible reshuffle .
Although Daney said that he did not think that the president “ knew ” about the possible change , the former Secretary-General admitted that he was “ possible ” that Obama knew .
Martin added that &apos; Down Down &apos; did not definitively answer the question of whether political opinion polls had reached the Obama office .
Cooper asked Martin if he thought seriously that Obama did not know that Biden ’ s ouster of the presidential list was under consideration .
‘ Perhaps ’ , Mr Martin replied .
Do you want a fluo ice ?
A British entrepreneur has created the first fluid fluorcle in the world of miscarriages .
Charlie Francis has taken advantage of fluorrescent properties of this marine animal to develop a light collision .
He had the idea after reading a study on the metrics and convinced Chinese scientists to recreate the brilliant protein .
The cream cream reacts with the language by increasing the protein pH to shine .
According to Chris , since the ice cream starts to read when she reacts to the mouths of the mouth , the more it becomes , the more brilliant she is .
Charlie , the founder of the “ Lick Me Im Delicius , ” said : “ It is incredible , but we are still at the beginning in terms of production , and 2 g of this truce costs about £ 200 . ”
The protein we use in the ice reacts with the language of neutral language .
So when your mouth warm the protein , pH levels are rising , and the ice is blowing .
We have tested it in the last few months , and it seemed appropriate to share it with all of us at the time of Halléen , because it gives an extraordinary brilliant effect .
It is probably the most expensive ice that I have created , because the light of the medus is worth four times as much as gold .
So every button costs me about £ 140 .
But it is rather good !
Society for the experimental approach of Charlie , based in Bristol , is known for its unusual glasses such as beer , cheese , beef and the gold map .
But its next creation will be even more ambitious .
He added : “ I would really like to develop an invisible ice . ”
This is intrinsically impossible because of the spread of ice crystals , which are the ice cream , but I think I will find a way to do that .
Ice uses fluorrescent properties of the misdemeanour synthetically summarized by Chinese scientists .
Lou Reed died during a cut-off session
The singer Lou Reed died at a time when he made tati exercises , revealed his wife Laurie Anderson in a letter published by the regional newspaper , East Hampton Star , for the inhabitants of the city of Savings , where the couple had a house .
The artist died last Sunday , at the age of 71 .
&apos;He died on Sunday morning , when he looked at the trees and carried out the famous 21st chi movement , with his hands as a musician who was taking the air &apos; , writes Laurie Anderson .
Lou Reed was master of life , a Chinese martial .
The singer ’ s wife also explained that she promised her husband , the week before his death , to get him out of the hospital and take him to their house in Savings ( Long Island ) .
Lou and I have spent a lot of time here in recent years .
And even if we are city dwellers , it is our spiritual home .
&apos;Lou was a prince and a fighter , and I know that his songs on the pain and beauty of the world will convey to many people the great joy of life he had &apos; .
As a result of this last May , the liver was grafted to the liver .
Hhalwen 2013 : In figures
When I was a small , Hallween was magic .
My sister and I were allowed to eat sweets , go late and dress up in order to go to the neighbourhood .
Today , I have become more pingy .
Over the last two years , I have not distributed a single bonus , and I will certainly not do so this year .
But the trappings show that I am a black sheep when we talk about Hallaween .
Most Americans – 158 million of them in fact – will celebrate Hhalween this year , spending a total of $ 6.9 Md of sweets , disguise , and decorations , according to the National Real Federation .
What I am looking forward to at every party in Hallween are the trends .
Risks should represent $ 1.2 Made of the $ 6.9 billion spent , according to the NRF .
This year , unanimated sexually inanimate objects are being made .
Women no longer need to be sexy professionals ; they can also be sexy foods as pizzas , hamburgers and carrots .
As far as men are concerned , I expect to see many zombies , thanks to the television series The Walking Dead , and I am betting that the men in the area of Doft Punk will be among our photographs this year .
According to Google , the most sought-after disguises are the zombies , Batman , pirates and witches .
I assume that there is no difficulty in remaining traditional .
We disguised our dogs last year and , to my astonishment , they were not the only ones .
In fact , the Americans are going to spend $ 330 on the tab for animals this year , according to the NRF .
It has made a lot of curious dogs into hotdogs .
When it comes to sweets , you do not get bogged down .
The Americans will spend $ 1.9 Md in sweets this year , according to the Nielsen cabinet .
This is about 272 million kg of Hershey , sugar , sugar , Milk Duds , Twizzlers and Barres Clark .
It is a new super for the 41 million children who are going to hunt for sweets in their neighbourhood , according to the US Department of Commerce .
In fact , we are going to buy and , let us not tell us , consume 41 million kg of chocolate in Hhalween .
Good maize is the only thing you do not want to eat ; yet almost 16 million kg are sold for Healween , according to the National Conflict Association .
This amounts to around 9 billion grain grains .
It is a mystery that I have not yet managed to clarify .
Nothing is more representative of Healween than Hunted houses .
They wear the best names , such as “ Terrar Behind the Walls ” ( who is in fact a real prison ) , “ Hl-O-Scream ” and “ The House of Shock . ”
In fact , there are 1 200 haunted houses that have been officially recognised in the United States , which generate approximately $ 500 of revenue , according to America Haunts , and that includes these formidable photographs of you , which you are putting on Facebook and which you cannot take away from you . And , on which you like a kind of &apos; nice head &apos; of a kind that you like well , there is a comment to be made .
Finally , let us talk about cement .
Charlie Brown presented us with the rotten Croisse , when you were in a gamble , and sculpsed a grinding cement in the form of a Christmas tree – that is something that has been done since you are small .
Fortunately , for us , the “ attitude of the benign ” began only last year with Pinterrest , so most of us sculled these pots and did not have to sit down .
This year , Americans will spend about $ 106 in cement , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
The forgeries that are slowly flowing into the pork of your house probably came from Illinois , where 542 million cement tanks were cultivated this year .
If you look more closely at you , call it Tim Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa , in California , and try to sculpate their cement from 922 kg .
Royal Bank of Scotland will create internally a “ bad bank ” structure ( “ bad bank ” ) of € 38 billion ( € 45 billion ) of the most riskier assets , a measure designed to relax its relations with London and accelerate its reprivatization .
The bank wants to reduce the proportion of dubious assets in its balance sheets from 55 % to 70 % over the next two years and hopes to cleanse it completely within three years .
RBS also said that it would include a provision for depreciation of the additional $ 4 to 4.5 billion pounds on the quarter , a writer linked to the establishment of the Box structure .
RBS also made it clear that this internal restructuring would free up a capital books of 10 to 11 billion , thereby strengthening its capacity to lend .
The bank and London have pointed out that “ bad bank ” would draw a line under the past , with the government in particular being accused of interfering in the management of RBS .
&apos;We can now move forward , concern ourselves with the future and the 90 % of the assets that constitute a really good bank and build a large customer bank and the United Kingdom &apos; , said the new Director-General Ross McEwan to the press .
Land Rover announces his sponsoring of a series of rays
The interior has a six-point seat and seat belt , as well as an Intercom system .
One of the options , in particular , is improved brakes , a service giving access to mechanics in the case of Bowler Works , logistical support and the storage of the vehicle between two events .
Drew Bowler , the managing director of Bowler Motorport said : “ The dulls who join Bowler have changed . ”
Not all of them have experienced , some seek excitement and adventure and realistic access to international events .
We are very happy to offer such an approach in partnership with Land Rover and the MSA , and we are convinced that this will be a new way of trying to make a variety of forms in the United Kingdom and internationally , and to prepare for the rigors and the realities of raids . .
We had a great deal of pleasure in developing the Defder Challenge – the championship will really be palpable . ”
Furthermore , Defder Challenge will propose a training day and tests in February and the possibility of participating in events in the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East .
The fire brigade was called to rescue a lost puppy after he remained stuck to 15 metres above the soil on an unstable cornuche in a career .
Ruby , an intractable coker , escaped after an accident of the ungravity of the road .
It was found three days later by a person who walked his dog in the career .
The fire-fighters descended on the cliff to recover the Chilean and save it from a certain death .
A chiot had the chance to escape the worst after the fire brigades were asked to recover it safely while it was lost to 15 metres above the ground on the unstable seasons of a cliff .
Ruby , a 9 months cook , escaped after a road accident on Sunday afternoon and survived for three days alone before being rescued in a career on Wednesday .
Its owners , Scott Alderson , 25 years , and his small Beckey Hall friend , 20 years old , went to the career of Fappprese in Denrome , the West Yorkshire , to return to Ruby and thanked the fire and rescue service . In West Yorkshire .
They had sought desperately to lose their chips and launched a call on the sites of social networks after it disappeared in the career following an accident without gravity .
Towards 14.15 on Wednesday , someone with a sharp eye who walked his dog had repented Ruby on a cornuche in the career , stuck to 15 metres above the soil .
A technical rescue team of Ceckheaton fire-fighters rushed to the scene and took to recall Ruby using an animal to transport it to the top of the cliff .
Andy Clayton ’ s technical expert , Andy Clayton , said : “ It was in a precarious situation . ”
She was in the middle of the cliff , 15 at the top of the summit and 15 on the soil .
She did not move at all during the rescue – it was frozen .
But it is going well now .
She eaten biscuits after .
It was a very unusual call .
It is incredible that someone noticed the dog .
The Technical Relief specialist Peter Lu said : “ Ruby had a great deal of chance of getting out of it unscathed . ”
It could have been seriously injured or worse .
Ruby was carried out in the veterinarian for monitoring ; its general state was satisfactory , apart from the exhaustion and dehydration .
Miss Hall , of Halifax in the West Yorkshire , said : “ I was terrified by looking after the relief . ”
First of all , I did not think it was up there .
It was surprising to have it in our arms again .
The veterinarian said that if she had been too exhausted and that she had vanished she would probably have fallen .
The fire brigades have been patching up .
What they did was really courageous .
They are so grateful to them , each of them has been absolutely wonderful .
Mr Alderson , from Keighley , added : &apos; We were afraid that she was falling , but she did not move . &apos;
The fire brigades were suppressed .
I do not think she was up there .
Dick Jagger says that he never dreamed Katy Perry when she was 18 .
During an interview during an Australian radio broadcast this week , the pop star said that she was chorus about Jagger ’ s song “ Old Hard Hard . ”
Perry declared that he had dine with the rock veteran and explained , “ I dragged me when I was 18 . ”
She added , “ It was a long time ago , and it was very nice . ”
In a statement on Thursday , a representative of Jagger , 70 years ago , said that he “ categorically denies it having made advance payments to Katly Perry . ”
The representative added : &apos; Perhaps she confuses someone else &apos; .
Perry was one of the songs to appear during the Rolling Stones tour this year .
His new album , “ Prism , ” landed at the first place of the charts this week .
Beijing ’ s Peaceful Islamic Movement
&apos;Support behind the attack has come from the Islamic Movement of East Turkestan in Central and Western Asia &apos; , said the boss of the Chinese security bodies on a television channel in Hong Kong , according to a video on the Internet on a website on Thursday evening .
Marg Jianzhu , who is a member of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , was speaking in Tashkent on an official visit to Uzbekistan .
This is the first time that a Chinese official has appointed a particular organisation after the attack on Monday .
According to the Chinese police , three Uighurs from the same family of the Muslim Xinjiang region of Xinjiang , a border of several Central Asian countries , hastened their petrol biggy cars against the entry of the City banned in Beijing , in a suicide attack that caused two deaths and 40 injured .
The car driver , his wife and his mother died in the car fire .
The Etim , which declares itself to be fighting for the independence of East Turkestan , the former Chinese Xinjiang , was ranked by the UN in 2002 among al-Qaeda organisations .
This movement is often designated by the Chinese authorities as responsible for sporadic unrest in Xinjiang , but its real influence is challenged by several experts .
George Kerevan : The break-up of Europe gives the Scots the choice .
Another day , another worrying story of independence .
This time , we are being told that an independent Scotland would be required to join the European area of free movement in order to be able to join the EU .
Now we are talking about passport control stories in Berwick and a barbed wire border along the HadNothing Wall .
While Straaththyde &apos;s newspaper pointed out the possible economic consequences of greater freedom of movement with the rest of Europe , it was not in the headlines ( and that was to be expected ) .
Nor has anyone said that the EU Member States spend much of their time circumventing their formal rules when it suits them .
Since Scotland is not part of the Schengen area at the moment , continued non-compliance with the rules would be a tiny concession that Brussels could offer in return for everything it wants to obtain from Scots .
It is therefore a story that is not one of them .
And it is now a history that it is now fixed : I have for the first time heard the bobby that “ independence means passport control ” more than 40 years ago .
However , an interesting point in this interpretation of an old dusty tale has been forgotten .
Why should an independent Scotland follow the instructions of Europe , in fact ?
Why exchange the yoke in London against that of Brussels , particularly now ?
This is the real story about Europe : the great postwar plan to unify Europe is permanently stalled .
With the euro crisis , the European Project is officially dead .
Across Europe , parties that oppose the EU or campaign for the abandonment of the euro as a common currency are gaining ground .
Even in Germany , the Alternative Alternative for Germany , based only this year and from nowhere , gathered nearly five million votes in the September federal elections and brought the Liberal Democratic Party ( the equivalent of our Liberal Democrats ) to the Bundestag .
There has always been a national opposition to the creation of a federal Europe .
However , the current economic crisis has marked a turning point .
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank , coupled with the straitjacket of national economies through accession to the single currency , led many people to believe that the European Project has gone too far .
The euro crisis has little to do with national governments that have excessive budget deficits – that was true only for Greece .
Rather , the European system has put its exchange rate members on a par with German exporters – what German politicians want to retain .
Without the possibility of devaluing the national currency , southern European countries find themselves with an intrinsic productivity problem vis-à-vis Germany .
The only recourse is to make cuts in wages and public spending – encouraged by Berlin .
Beyond the current fiscal and monetary problems , there is a deeper unease about productivity in Europe .
After the “ green ” energy policies imposed by Brussels – which are a reason to subsidize the French and German energy sector at the expense of the consumer – European industry pays twice as much for electricity and four times as much for gas as the US .
This is a drawback drawback in terms of costs , as we have seen already in Grangemouth .
All wage gates in the world will not prevent the European petrochemical industry from being penalised by cheap US shale gas .
As a result , the growing revolt , particularly in France , is one of the EU &apos;s great leaders .
After the war , the French political elite considered the EU to be a means of controlling Germany and putting Paris on an equal footing with Washington .
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport for political legitimacy and imposed its own economic policy in Europe , leaving the French economy damaged .
As a result , Marine Le Pen ’ s extreme right-wing party , the anti-European National Front , has just won a crucial partial election , leaving the third country to power in the third place .
The National Front is now the most popular party in France with 24 % of the vote – a timely warning to the British Labour Party that it cannot assume that a division of the right will automatically favour the left .
What is Marine Le Pen doing with his new popularity with the French white working class ?
It wants to use next year &apos;s European elections to create a single anti-European and anti-European bloc in the European Parliament .
If the anti-European parties are the right ones in these elections , which is very possible , such a block could control the European Parliament for the first time .
That is what I think : very soon , the anti-European and anti-currency sentiment in Europe will unite and end up killing the euro .
The EU will not go away , but it will come back to something that will be more like the &apos; Europe of the United Nations &apos; of General de Gaulle .
Germany and some of its satellite economies could retain the euro , but France and southern Europe will find their own currency again .
I expect the United Kingdom to distance itself from this project , and I hope that it will turn a blind eye to the United States .
However , Washington &apos;s growing interest in the Pacific suggests that Britain will be left behind in the Atlantic .
And what about Scotland ?
We can decide to be a small England ( essentially ) .
Or we can defend our own economic interests , which includes sending in Berlin and Brussels .
I believe that Scotland could come to terms with a freer European agreement on condition that we retain our own currency .
Cooperation with other countries with similar views would be easier in a non-federal Europe .
Otherwise , we should emulate Norway and maintain our economic independence .
The SNP ’ s SNP is – and it should be noted – the most successful anti-austerity political movement in Europe , as it won a spectacular majority in 2011 , based on its opposition to the Labour Chancellor ’ s proposed ( and implemented ) cuts , Alistair Darling and the subsequent Conservative / Liberal Democrat coalition .
It would now be ridiculous for Scotland to vote for independence if it is to accept the austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels .
Early HPV : Living earlier
Studies show that young African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls .
Physical Change does not mean that puberty is imminent .
There is no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are responsible .
Experts believe that the epidemic of obesity could be a trigger for early puberty .
The Limits to Early Fish is not as pronounced among boys
The former correspondent of CNN Pat Etheridge is a journalist who specialises in family and health issues in the child .
Should a mother worry whether his daughter &apos;s seins and pins are beginning to grow to seven or eight years ?
At the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatriics , which took place this week to Orlando , Florida , Dr Paul Kaplowitz , child care , explained that these early physical changes are quite common among young people . American and a new standard .
“ I spend a lot of time reassuring parents – in general , it does not indicate a rapid shift toward full puberty , ” Kaplowitz said .
There are clear signs of development , such as the buffer of the seins , the pole , and the pubial area and the bodily smells , are appearing in girls earlier .
But there was only a slight advance in the age of first rules over the last four decades .
In the United States , the average age is 12 and a half years , while it was 12 years three years in 1970 .
“ Once the chest has started to develop , it takes at least two or three years before the first rules appear , ” Kaplowitz , also the author of “ Arly Puberty in Girls ” – The Essex Guide to Coping with Thais On the Problem . &apos;
Time is the most precise test of how the puberty is to be developed .
There is a debate about what is actually the appearance of puberty , but it is regarded as &apos; early &apos; when the development of the chest is accompanied by sudden growth before the age of 8 .
In most cases , development slows down or stops – something that a paediatrician can follow closely .
More rapid development can justify testing by endocrinologists to remove serious problems such as tumours or kyards .
There are treatments to delay first rules and to prevent other consequences : a premature ageing of the bones that can curb growth and a small size in adulthood .
The recommendations on medicinal and hormonal treatment are based on the age of the child , the rate of development , the rate of growth and emotional maturity .
The psychosocial aspects are also important .
Kaplowitz is prudent with medicines , but recognises that “ control of puberty can alleviate some of the problems of behavior and sensation for young girls to be different from others . ”
The other big problem is understandable : parents simply do not want their very young girls to have their rules .
&apos;They fear the risk of pregnancy or even the way in which they are going to handle the hygiene issues &apos; , said Kaplowitz .
“ It was a shock , ” a woman who had its first rules at 10 years .
Even if there were signs and we had spoken about the rules , it was not being prepared emotionally .
She returned from the school frightened and shocked to be the first among her friends .
There are many theories raised to the public about the causes of early puberty .
However , there is no coherent theory that hormones in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment or sexual messages carried by the media are responsible .
boys , like girls , reach their puberty earlier .
Kaplowitz says that the most credible hypothesis is the epidemic of obesity .
He took part in a study carried out on girls aged between 6 and 9 , which links the fat percentage to the outbreak of puberty .
Other findings support this conclusion , but there are many other influential factors .
In that country , African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls .
There are various explanations .
On a global scale , the mechanisms of early puberty seem to be influenced by everything , from economic conditions to the climate , to genes .
Another problem is that , despite the fact that boys are in a better position , the trend towards real care is not as high as in girls .
Other doctors at the AAP conference stressed the complexity of the subject .
The appearance of the cake and the pudding is common , even in infants and small ones .
&apos;We must be careful about the way in which we identify the true appearance of the puberty &apos; , said the Dr Lawrence Silverman , a child endocrinologist working in the hospital for Goryesturb , New Jersey , in New Jersey .
Parents should not hesitate to ask their paediatricians to know how to speak with their children .
“ This may mean having a conversation earlier than expected , ” explained Kaplowitz .
If you remain calm , your child will respond in general .
Girls whose early puberty must be reassured that even when it comes sooner than expected , the process is part of life .
The Cost of the Coen brothers
&apos;Mr Llewyn Davis , the Coen brothers , the Grand Price of the last Festival of Cannes , is a nostalgic and funny film on the 1961 Greenwich and the mad music that was just beginning to resonate there before the arrival of Bob Dylan .
Joel and Ethan Coen , whose filmography has just given a retrospective to French Catholics , had raged the Golden Palace in Cannes in 1991 for Barton Fink .
Failure to hire Dylan or Trio Peter , Paul and Mary , Joel and Ethan Coen threw off the staggering stars of American cinema , Oscar Isaac , 33 years , but also about the global , pop to Justin It is a lake .
In the movie movie where music is a central figure and songs interpreted live , Oscar Isaac , a musician and singer of mad fares , while Timberlke , his friend in the film , leaves the pop for mad music with contagion . The jubilation .
As for Carey Mullian , she left the rich off of Daily Mulliian in &apos; Gatsby the beautiful &apos; for less refusals , a soft voice when she sits , but the jury is out of guns when she speaks .
&apos;Inside Llewyn Davis &apos; says on one week the tribulations of a singer of folk who are unable to penetrate and get angry with the whole world .
He is accepting the replacements that have been lifted in the studios .
Without a home , he turns a blind eye to his friends who still want to receive him .
The Player of documentary
&apos;His relationship with success is tortured , that is what is of interest to us : a mixture of bad luck , a boy who is not there at the right time , who is not a career , but integrates , with self-destructive behaviour &apos; , said to the Ethan Coen press , crowned with his Horry Joel from several Oscars and Prices in Cannes .
If Llewyn Davis did not exist , the two fans of mad music were built on their history on real personalities like the mad musician Dave Von Ronk .
The idea was to show the moment before the advent of Greenwich , the New York neighborhood that would become &quot; the epicenter of the folk music that would lead to international stars &quot; as the journalist Elijah Wald , a friend of Van Ronk , wrote .
The film then comes from documentary evidence , from the dusty 33T music label to 33T invented inhabited by an old secretary , to the musical choices of the studios of the time and to the cafes where the singers were taking place .
The brethren ’ s magic is still operating in a funny way of constantly crossing the film : a wonderful knee-jerk cat in the eyes of the makeshift comrade of Llewyn Davis .
When asked about the way in which he made up his person , the actor and singer Justin Timberlake reminded us of having &apos; grown up in the Tnesesee , baked by blight and the banny &apos; .
&apos;My first music lessons were given to me by my grandfather who taught me to play a guide &apos; , he added .
For Justin Timberlake , if the work is necessary to &apos; be considered good &apos; , &apos; by chance , too , the career of someone &apos; and &apos; ever more &apos; .
As Llewn Davis , who refuses to compromise on his music , the star is that in a career , “ the most important thing is not to allow ourselves to be bogged down by anything that prevents us from expressing our views . ”
Gérard de Villiers , the author of &apos; SAS &apos; , died .
He will never have known the word &apos; pension &apos; .
The European edition of the French edition , Gérard de Villiers , who died at 83 years , had just published his 200th SAS , &apos; The Vengance of the Kremlin &apos; .
In February , the New York Times devoted it as “ the author of spy novels who knew too much . ”
Then there were over ten days in Afghanistan , 198 and 1994 opus from the famous series of espionage novels .
Being physically by a very serious heart accident in December 2010 , he was moving during that journey with a dismaker .
And , before Afghanistan , he was also reaped in Libya , Russia , Lebanon , and Mali .
With four SAS published by a year , Gérard de Villiers , born on December 8 , 1929 , in Paris , ignored the exact number of books sold since 1965 and the publication of &quot; SAS in Istanbul &quot; , the first of the series , almost half a century ago .
&apos;No doubt between between 120 and 150 million all countries &apos; , he argued last March .
His Burmese cat on his knees , in his vast apartment of a building block of the Foch building two steps away from the Arc de Tri<unk> , a malignant eye under his white hair , a few of the languages in which the adventures of the SAB have been adventures . They were translated : Italian , German , Russian , Greek , Japanese or Korean .
&apos;Not counting the pirate editions &apos; , he added , signifying a pile of books on the low table between bronzes or the ivory reported from the 130 countries that have been reported to place his novels there .
For the price of a packet of cigarettes , the reader is entitled to the traditional coverage with the photo of a young woman to the advantageous chest , wearing a gun or a gun .
Internally , his secular allegiance ( SAS ) , Prince Malko Linge , Austrian aristocrats , and the CIA contractor to pay for the reparations of the family castle , are embarking on all the bad guys of the earth ’ s land of the years . 70 and 80 , and then jihadists from the 1990 ’ s .
In every book , the same recipe : a large dose of geopolitics and exodus , a few scenes of sex , a zeal of violence and torture .
&apos;I never had the claim to be a literary author &apos; , explained Gérard de Villiers .
I regard myself as a consultant who writes for the distraction of the people to whom I am not sending a message .
He worked &apos; like the major pre-war reporters , such as Albert London , who went there and returned with real and lengthy investigations &apos; .
The father of SAS said &apos; to make a sort of geopolitical soap opera &apos; .
&apos;I am constantly my files ( Afghanistan , Syria , ... ) before leaving &apos; , adding Gérard de Villiers .
On the spot , I meet with journalists , including the AFP , diplomats , people from services that I have known for some of the last twenty or thirty years .
As a result , many of its SAS are often preposterous : in this way , one month before the attack on a command centre of the Syrian regime that killed several senior officials , he told history in the &quot; Chemine de Damascus &quot; .
In the Benghazi Fous , he was the first to reveal the existence of a CIA secret command centre in that city , the cradle of the Libyan uprising .
In 1980 , he staged the assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in the Cairo plot , a year before the attack .
In October 2012 , in “ Panic in Bamako , ” he reported the columns of 4X4 of jihadists based on the capital of Malian .
I am not a man of Villiers , I am simply making assumptions from countries that I know well and , from time to time , some of my assumptions are coming to fruition .
After these journeys in often troubled areas , he took over for a month behind his MBM machine in Marguerite dating from 1976 , where all the coins were changed .
300 pages later , he wrote the word &apos; FIN &apos; and corrected every page in the pen .
At his office ’ s walls , AK-47 rifles , erots and pictures of the author with African warlords , are on the verge of AK-47 rifles .
Gérard Villiers , Gérard de Villiers , shouted out these accusations in two sentences , singularly singled out for machismo by feminist leagues and racism by human rights organizations .
Some women are sex objects in my books , but others are beautiful , intelligent and courageous women .
I am always welcomed in Africa , where I have very many readers .
Gérard de Villiers said it : &apos; Malko Linge , like all heroes , has no age &apos; .
He will not die and will not retire .
No more than I do .
Demoners quarrel about the width of seats , while large orders are at stake .
The dispute is rife between the major aircraft manufacturers about the width of the seats of the tourist class on long-haul flights , paving the way for a bitter confrontation at the Dubai aeronautical salon which is taking place in months .
The conflict is about the width of the seats proposed on long-haul flights to economic class passengers – which are not always the most courteous by the airlines , but to which the allocated area is essential to increase the efficiency gains in the last aircraft presented by Airbus and Boeing Co .
This week , Airbus called on the aeronautical industry to put in place a standard imposing a seat size of at least 18 chicken ( 45.72 cm ) in the economic classes , but the great American rival Boeing states that it should be the airlines that decide .
The dispute erupted when the avigers were seeking to sell even larger versions of their long-running long-running aircraft , hoping possibly for a record in the event from 17 to 21 November .
The way in which seats are prepared for the back of the plane – in particular , there will be 9 or 10 seats head on – is essential for the economic performance of the ‘ mini-juice ’ segment .
Boeing says that its &apos; 777X &apos; redesigned will be able to welcome into the economy of 406 people in seats of more than 17 chickens and will be configured with 10 seats .
Airbus says that the rival version of its A350 will transport the economy of 350 people into seats of 18 chickens from 9 .
The aircraft giants often exchange blows on technical issues by making advertising in the professional press .
Today , Airbus is directly appealing to the public before the Dubai aeronautical salon , where 777X should take precedence over its competitors with more than 100 orders .
We have recently been able to see what might be the beginning of a new advertising war with the presentation to the financiers of a photo showing three people in a restaurant in the restaurant , entitled ‘ Do you accept that ? ’
&apos;Boeing proposes long-haul flights in tighter seats than in the regional Turkish-Turkish aircraft &apos; , said John Leahy , Airbus &apos;s commercial director .
As eating habits change , people grow , but the seats in aircraft have not changed dramatically .
Between the early 1970 ’ s , when Boeing ’ s jumbo 747 defined the modern mail journey , and the turn of the century , the weight of the average American between 40 and 49 has risen by 10 % , according to the US Department of Health ’ s data .
The size of the average average in the twenty-first century is 39.7 chicken , according to American health statistics .
Airbus says that its rival clings to a concept of siege that dates back to the 1950 ’ s , when the flection of the freshed apparatus was narrower .
Airbus has added that it has commissioned a study which indicates that another chicken at the level of the seats would improve the quality of the sleep of 53 % .
Boeing is challenging Airbus &apos;s figures with regard to the width of seats and says that it is not for manufacturers to decide how airlines balance the price of tickets and equipment .
He also says that the study shows that the cabin experience does not depend solely on the width of seats .
&apos;It really is a question of bringing flexibility to the airlines and enabling them to do what they think they have to do to carry out their activities &apos; , said Kent Crarer , in charge of the passengers &apos; satisfaction .
They do not want to tell them what will enable them to be profitable .
They know their business better than anyone .
For passengers , it is more a matter of having a certain degree of freedom of movement , but for suppliers , it is increasingly an issue that could affect their results .
Behind the dispute is a race for aircraft for an estimated amount of at least $ 700 ( $ 700 ) at the market price in decades to come , enough to tilt the US and European exports .
As Reuters first indicated in July , the configuration of seats is exactly what fuels the battle between the most recent appliances .
Airbus and Boeing all claim a return per seat in their latest models of 20 % more than that of the market leader in this segment , the Boeing 777-300ER of 365 seats .
The performance announced by Boeing partly depends on the comparability of 777X with 10 seats , and a model 777 of which is configured from 9 .
The gain in terms of unit costs is low compared to the device that is set up with 10 seats which are currently in service .
&apos;Boeing does this in order to be able to hire more seats and make its aircraft more competitive in relation to our products &apos; , said Kevin Keniston , the head of ConHigh Passer for the European Airbus aviger .
On the other hand , analysts say that the booths that are configured with 10 seats in the existing 777 are suggesting that many passengers are in favour of a more dense configuration , which can go hand in hand with cheaper fares .
&apos;The 18 chicken width would be perfect for passengers , but the reality is that , from a commercial point of view , Airbus &apos;s proposal is motivated by the threat of 777 , &apos; said the in-house in-house expert Marary Kirby , founder and editor-in-chief of RGirl Network .
Airbus and Boeing do not provide seats , but propose a catalogue of suppliers , including airlines .
The vendors of aircraft who are around the world are taking a metre away from them to check the competing configurations .
While venturing to offer comfortable appliances , all manufacturers also offer aircraft with high-cost airline companies and regional trips .
Airbus offers an A350 with 10 seats , but it has not yet sold it .
Until recently , Airbus stressed the need for greater personalization of cabins by offering wider seats to some of its aircraft .
Without the support of the only large manufacturer of large modern appliances , experts say that it is unlikely that his call for the aviation industry to put in place a large standard for seats , but that he could make the 777X sales wave forget .
The Risk ’ s Shaits irritated by the Ellen salary
A majority of COMs voted on Thursday against the proposal for remuneration for the founder and Director-General Larry Ellison , in view of his group &apos;s financial performance .
The vote is not binding , but will tarnish the image of Larry Ellison , the world ’ s third largest fortune , just as his ship ’ s victory in the US Cup .
The billionaire still holds 25 % of the capital group ’ s capital that he co-founded 40 years ago .
Last year , Elison had already voted against his remuneration .
The boss of Oraacle gave up a $ 1.2 million bonus for the 2013 financial year closed in May , owing to the group ’ s poor performance , which failed to achieve its growth goals , but received roughly $ 77 million in stock options .
Its fixed salary is only a symbolic dollar .
Out of the entire post-2013 financial year , the net benefit of ODA has risen by 3.5 % , while the stock exchange price of 27.5 % , overrunning the S &amp; P-500 index , which has taken 24 % at the same time .
The new anti-nicotine vaccine could eliminate the pleasure of smoking .
Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could eliminate the pleasure of smoking a cigarette .
Only one dose of the vaccine has been able to protect the life of nicotine addiction .
Other tests are needed before they begin to test human beings , but Professor Ronald Crystal of the Weill Cornell , New York , has said that the first signs are encouraging .
&apos;We very much hope that this type of vaccination strategy can help millions of smokers who have tried to stop , exhausting all the methods currently available on the market , but find that their addiction is strong enough to overcome these different approaches &apos; , said by Professor Cornell .
The new vaccine contains an harmless virus that has been modified to transport the genetic information needed to design anti-nicotine antibodies .
The virus is selectively infecting the liver cells , which are then beginning to produce a regular stream of antibodies .
The antibodies betray all nicotine molecules present in the blood system and neutralise them before they reach the brain , which prevents the smoker from having its dose of nicotine .
When tests were carried out , the vaccinated mice that was subsequently made nicotine continued their activity normally .
But the mice that had not been vaccinated were “ allayed , ” said the researchers , a sign that nicotine had reached their brains .
The experiences are described in the Science Transxonal Medicine magazine .
Previous tobacco products have proved ineffective because they contain antibodies .
Injections had to be repeated so frequently that antibodies are still high that they are too expensive and cheap .
But the cost of the new vaccine should be much lower , because it turns liver cells into antibodies .
Professor Crystal has said that if the future human vaccine is completely safe , it could be administered to children before they are tempted to try a cigarette , which would prevent any nicotine addiction .
But it is more likely to be used by smokers who want to stop smoking .
“ They will know that , if they start to smoke again , they will not be happy about the anti-nicotine vaccine , and that will help them to lose their bad habit , ” he added .
British scientists have said that the results are interesting but have pointed out that much more research is needed .
Pakistan \ u0027s Head of Taliban killed by a drone
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban movement , Hakimullah Mehsouthern , was killed in a US strike on Friday in Pakistan , and has been taught to the security services .
The death of Hakimullah Mehsouthern has been announced several times in the past .
But intelligence officials , the army , as well as activist forces said this time that he had lost his life in this strike , conducted in the North Waziristan region .
&apos;We can confirm that Hakimullah Mehsouthern was killed in a drone fire &apos; , said a senior safety officer .
The day before , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , travelling to London , informed the British Government that discussions had been initiated with the Tehrik e Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , Pakistan &apos;s Taliban movement .
Tripodi denies Obeid
South Wales ’ s former Labor minister , Joe Tripodi , will be investigated by the state ’ s anti-corruption regulator .
Former Minister for South Wales , Joe Tripodi , denied change to trade policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid , who had hidden interests in three goods in the government-controlled area .
On Friday , the Independent Commission , ICAC , extended its investigation into whether Mr Obeid had put pressure on several state ministers to renew his bars in Circular Four , where the Obeds have two restaurants and a coffee after that . Their expiry in August 2005 , without a call for tenders .
She is now investigating the allegations that Mr Tripodi was aware of Mr Obeid &apos;s secret interest in these properties , following the testimony of the former Deputy Secretary General of Mr Tripodi , Lynne Ashpole , on Thursday .
During the years of discussions started in 2005 , the government lobbied for a call for tender .
The tenants were against and also wanted longer periods .
In 2009 , the bids about Circular Four , which reported to the Obed ’ s about $ 2.5 per year , were renewed without a call for tenders .
Mr Tripodi , who was Minister of Ports of February 2006 to November 2009 , was initially in favour of tenders .
However , he denied that he had changed his policy at the request of Mr Obeid who , as Mr Tripodi acknowledged , called for a change in the government &apos;s policy on bals .
The transcription of telephone conversations presented to the ICAC showed calls in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid , Mr Tripodi and Steve Dunn , a senior official who came to the Ministry of Ports after working under the orders of Mr Obed in the Ministry of Foves . .
“ The subject discussed in these telephone conversations was the development of policy on trade ? ” asked the deputy Commissioner Anthony Wheally to Mr Tripodi .
‘ No ’ , Mr Tripodi replied .
I do not remember what we discussed , but in any case it was not that .
In any case , certainly not between me and Mr Obeid .
Israeli War planes targeted at Syria , declaring an official
Israeli warplanes reached a target in Syria ’ s port city of Laapkia on Thursday evening , confirming a military official in Fox News .
The person responsible did not specify what the target was , but said that there was at least one .
The Associated Press reports that the target was SA-125 Russian manufacturing missiles .
At least twice this year , Israel has carried out air strikes against missiles in Syria .
Foreign workers with a visa 457 may have a &apos; authenticity &apos; test .
The government is currently examining the possibility of setting up a &apos; authenticity &apos; test for foreign workers in possession of a visa 457 while considering extending repressive measures .
The test , if it is adopted , would be applied according to a criterion intended to prevent visas from 457 from being used to fill unskilled posts or as a backdoor way to bring his family and friends into Australia .
A working document from the government was unveiled today , when the Labour MEP Mxine McKew denounced the government discourse on foreign workers , saying that it could offend Australia ’ s neighbors .
“ The fractious statements on “ strangers to the end of the queue ” and &quot; jobs for the Australians first &quot; are a disagreeable return at the time when trade unions called for a protected labor market , said to the Australia Indian Institute today .
Historically , this meant that the whites ’ work had to be protected – and I would not be surprised if some countries in the region were to see this as an echo of this historical arena .
The working document mentions the 12 measures that had previously been envisaged by former Minister of Immimigration Chris Bowen .
Immigration Minister Brendan O &apos;Connor , who was in Sri Lanka to meet senior officials to discuss trafficking in human beings , has implemented five of the recommended changes , the others being examined .
If the &apos; authenticity &apos; criterion was adopted , a visa applicants could be checked to find out : &apos; If the supply of employment is genuine in the event that the candidate is a personal relationship or associate of the owner or person who is involved in the sponsor &apos; .
Companies could also be required to declare the number of holders of visas 457 after some of them , having intended to sponsor a small number of workers , actually employed hundreds of them .
In the meantime , a 35-year-old Sri Lankan asylum seeker would have died of a heart attack after having arrived on a boat carrying asylum seekers on the island of Christmas this week .
The 9 year-old son of man , who is nine years old , traveled to Australia with him and found some comfort since his father died on Wednesday in an adult cousin that was also on board .
The man was urgently transferred by the Australian authorities to the Holy Island of Christmas , where he died .
A study aimed at increasing the benefits of the HS2 rail project for Scotland was launched by the British Government .
HS2 Ltd &apos;s work suggests that high-speed services to Scotland and northern England will start from the start of the Phase 1 in 2026 .
The Transport Minister , Baroness Kraer , has said that the project &apos; would bring together the United Kingdom &apos; .
The Scottish Transport Minister , Keith Brown , said ‘ excite ’ the idea of working with the British Government on the project .
Phase 1 will be on a new high-speed railway line between London and the West Midlands .
When Phase 2 will be completed , the lines will serve Manchester and Leeds .
In June , the government increased the estimated cost of building the high-speed link between London and northern England , from £ 32.7 to £ 42.6 .
The British Government , which is in talks with Transport Scotland , has asked HS2 Ltd to study the strengthening of railway capacity and the improvement in the length of journeys for the north of England and Scotland .
This must include the possibility of travelling times between Glasgow and Edinburgh of three hours at the most .
Baroness Kramer said : ‘ Our objective for HS2 is a truly national network that will bring the United Kingdom and its cities closer together ’ .
We are pushing the HS2 project because the advantages it has are enormous .
Without it , we have a problem with the capacity of our rail network .
But it is also a question of developing connectivity between the 18 major British cities , including Glasgow and Edinburgh , so that the links between them are better thanks to HS2 .
The British Secretary of State for Scotland , Alistair Carmchal , added : &apos; Today &apos;s announcement is good news for Scotland &apos; .
For the Scottish Government , Keith Brown has called on Mr Carmihal to give his &apos; unequivocal &apos; support to Scotland &apos;s inclusion in the HS2 network .
Mr Brown said : &apos; The high-speed train has the potential to bring considerable economic benefits to Scotland , but it also brings Scotland &apos;s economic weight to the overall high-speed rail network throughout Britain .
‘ We are therefore excited about the idea of working in partnership with the British Government to examine options to bring the high-speed rail network to Scotland , creating an advantage for everyone and complementing the Glasgow-Edinburgh line that the Scottish Government is already planning .
‘ I look forward to reading the review report with British ministers next year and we will then decide on the next steps . ’
The rules on the use of on-board electronic devices are currently in force in Australia .
Australian air passengers will have to continue to extinguish their tablets and smarphonies during the take-off and landing despite the US move to soften the regulation of electronic appliances .
The US Federal Aviation Administration has left the door open for US carriers to change their procedures so that passengers can read electronic books , watch videos , or play games on their appliances during critical flight periods , provided that they are on the plane .
Passengers can already do so for much of the flight , but many people find it difficult not to be able to access their electronic books during take-off and landing .
The Australian hauliers are examining the decision which obliges US carriers to carry out important work to meet the requirements , but has indicated that they do not intend to change their procedures in the immediate future .
The Civil Aviation Safety Authority has also stated that it is examining the announcement , but has pointed out that the restrictions on the use of electronic equipment during critical flight periods are still in force in Australia .
‘ CASA does not have specific regulations governing the use of electronic aircraft ’ , it said .
The issue is the subject of a regulation which obliges aircraft operators to guarantee permanent safety and passengers to comply with the safety features of crew members .
Virgin , who has already spoken to CASA about its intention to extend the use of its entertainment system on board the Wi-Fi technology , was open to change , but said that it would follow the regulator .
‘ We would welcome a review of the CASA , which would allow the use of electronic appliances , because we really do believe that this would improve the customer ’ s experience now that we have a entertainment system on our aircraft on our aircraft ’ , has indicated a spokesperson .
Qantas said that it is currently complying with the current rules .
&apos;In line with our current policy , electronic devices cannot be used during take-off and landing , and we do not intend to change that immediately &apos; , she said .
The FAA ’ s decision applies to US airlines .
However , we are always interested in the regulatory developments that could benefit passengers , and we will look closely at the decision of the FAA and the reasons for it .
For American carriers , the impact of the decision will vary from one airline to another and will depend on the age of their fleet .
The carriers will have to demonstrate that their aircraft can tolerate radio interference from electronic devices , as well as a review of textbooks , training equipment , the transfer of hand luggage and the provision of instructions to passengers .
&apos;As soon as an airline checked the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use lightweight electronic devices , such as tablets , electronic books and smartphonies to all altitudes &apos; , said the FAA .
In the few cases of low visibility , the crew will ask passengers to extinguish their appliances during landing .
The group also recommended that the heavier aircraft be safely placed under seats or in higher compartments during take-off and landing .
Pia : At least four wounded in a violent manner
The small municipality of Pia experienced an unusual excess of fever on Thursday evening .
Three vehicles of gendarmerie , two ambulances and a dispatch of 30 people depending on the testimonies collected ...
On this day in Hallween , the evening has been agitated on the side of a Pia in which a rift involving several people has broken out on the side of the Post .
There would at least be four minor injuries .
Alternatively , the police went there to separate the warring parties and ensure that the injured were taken care of .
The Singapore lenders profit from the middle classes who were forced to tighten their belts .
In a lender on the commercial center of Bendemeer in Singapore , Janani Amitthalinga discharges a brake , a joke , and a pary of gold intercles to pay for his daughters ’ schooling .
&quot; My husband and I have just bought a house , therefore , all my money , &quot; says Mrs Amirthalinga .
Although it earns $ 3,000 from Singapore ( $ 2,400 ) per month as an admisator , and its husband also works , the monthly family income is not enough , it says .
In fact , demand is such in parts of Southeast Asia – where household debt is rising – that ValumeMax , where she has carried out its transaction , has become the third loan company to be introduced on the Singapore stock market this week .
Ensuring jewelry is not only a quick means of obtaining cash – $ 1,300 from Singapore in the case of Mrs Amirthalinga – but it is almost as cheap as unsecured bank lending .
In general , the Singapore lenders are raising an annual interest rate of 17 % , just above the 15.4 % offered by United Overseas Bank , a local donor with a branch in the same business center .
But credit lenders have the advantage that they do not seek solvency or pay evidence , and can unlock loans more quickly than banks .
As a result , millions of people across the region turn to home lenders while families feel the pressure to increase the cost of living and over-indebtedness of households and consumers .
After five years of strong growth since the global financial crisis , and cheap credit fuelled by a monetary policy that is too lax in advanced economies , low-income and middle-income families are turning to home lenders to fill the gap while their economies are slowing .
This week , Standard &amp; PoC ’ s rating agency cited the growing indebtedness of households , mainly resulting from the rise in mortgages , as a risk factor for Asian banks ’ creditworthiness .
She said that Malaysia , Thailand , and Singapore recorded the debt-to-GDP ratio of the highest Gross Domestic Product in Asia .
Malaysia comes at the top of the list with 80 % of GDP , while this rate was 60 % in 2008 .
Economists are also fearful of the high level of consumer debt in Thailand , which has recently emerged from a technical recession .
On Thursday , data showed a continuing weakness in exports and a slowdown in consumer demand .
“ The balance sheet is that , with rising costs , people in the middle or at the bottom &#91; of the scale of wages &#93; seek to supplement their income as they can ’ , Song Seng Wun , an economist at CIMB , is an Malaysian bank .
Historically high gold prices over the last two years have meant that people have been quick to put their personal effects into effect in order to tap into the value of cash in their jewellery .
In Singapore , approximately 70 % of the articles put in the evidence in the 200 loan shops in relation to the state of the state are in gold .
People say , &apos; the price of gold is high , let us put the gold chain of grandmothers and you will be looking for it next month &apos; .
In Thailand , the largest loan operator , EasyMoney , has recorded a 20 % increase in the number of customers using its shops in recent months .
The increase is such in the loan sector on the loan that Valumex , the shop operator in Bendemeer and 15 other shops such as this in Singapore , plans to develop not only in neighbouring Malaysia – where it already has four shops – but also outside Asia . Lee Ching , his directorate-general .
Society will finance them by using 60 % of the 66 Singapore of Singapore that it removed this week during its introduction to the Singapore Stock Exchange .
While some low-interest lenders have met with criticism of the exorbitant interest rates they practice , Miss Yeah says that marketing offers not only lower rates than the other lenders , but that it does not increase debt directly .
“ The customers are mortgaging goods that they already possess , and monetizing their personal assets does not increase household debt , ” it says .
Marketing is more and more socially acceptable as a means of securing short-term financing .
The people who travel to the home lenders are not only those who have financial problems .
The affluent people of Singapore also go to the loan shops on guarantees and to the Rolex bingles , which can account for up to 60 % of their purchase price in cash .
We see clients from all sections of society .
“ It may be easy for people who need to borrow in the short term for business or investment activities , or small businesses that have cash-flow needs to cross a difficult course , ” adding Miss Yeah .
Sometimes they just need money very quickly .
Pasteur charged with juvenile pornography in New Scotland
A pastor who took care of young people in the Halifax region in New Scotland is accused of juvenile pornography .
A 30-year old Aaron Hudgins was arrested on Friday morning with raids in his home and the Office of the National Research Council where he is working .
The Church Baptist of Timberlay , where the pastor officer was an official , is deeply saddened by this news .
In a communiqué , the heads of the church indicate that Mr Hudgins has resigned from his post .
The pastor has been released under conditions .
In particular , it must not communicate with people under the age of 18 and not access the Internet .
He will appear in the provincial court in Halifax in December .
He is going to the supermarket in the supermarket , before being driven out of it .
A man dressed in a barred Nazi uniform of a brewer with the gamered crook was asked to leave an English supermarket , with customers complaining about the establishment of the establishment that called the police , indicated the shop on Friday .
&apos;We received a number of complaints from customers , so we asked him to leave the shop &apos; , explained a spokesperson for the chain of supermarket Asda .
The shop called the police to the rescue , but &apos; the time it arrives , it has already gone without eslamation &apos; , has added .
I was queuing up when I saw a woman who seemed to be shocked .
People were shocked .
&apos;You do not get out of the street unless you want to draw attention &apos; , it testified to a click , Rosina Rusiin , 60 , in the newspaper Cambridge News .
This incident occurred on Thursday , the day of Hallween Day , where it is customary to disguise itself as a monster , but it was difficult to know whether it was a hoax .
A Cambridge man claimed responsibility for this act on his Twitter , where he put pictures of Adolf Hitler .
&apos;I am wearing a black sward twice a week for three years in Asda , &apos; said Paul Duutton , who is suffering from &apos; mental problems &apos; .
A Mail ’ s Scupment of the Tasania ’ s Health Scupment
The federal government maintains that the $ 325 M rescue package for the vacillating health system is accompanied by strict conditions to ensure that government government does not waste money .
The Federal Minister of Santa Topsek announced that the Commonwealth is currently taking &apos; urgent measures &apos; to put an end to a crisis caused by the ageing population of the island state , the high rate of chronic diseases and the constraints of the system .
Funding over four years was decided after government consultations with the independent Tasmania MEP , Andrew Wilkie .
&apos;The government has proposed an emergency rescue package which , in our view , will solve the unique difficulties faced by the state &apos; , said Mrs Plibersek today .
The $ 325 M plan includes a $ 31 ( $ 31 ) campaign for non-urgent surgical operations .
2 600 additional operations , particularly in the area of orthopaedic surgery and cataract , will help to catch up .
Funds are also provided for clinics without meeting Hobart and Lauccceston , better external care , training of medical frameworks , mental health services , and deployment of electronic medical records in local hospitals .
“ These investments respond to the idea that , according to first-line clinicians , it is the best way to cure Tasmania ’ s health care system , ” she said .
The Minister said that the government of Tasmania would be faced with a strict regime of reporting and reporting .
The state will have to maintain the current levels of funding to receive money from the Commonwealth and to prepare monthly reports on sectors where it spends the additional funds .
A committee of three people will be set up to ensure that the state provides services in the most efficient and efficient manner .
Mr Wilkie said today that the $ 325 million will not count for very much ‘ unless they are followed by a genuine reform that will help to consolidate the public health system of Tasmania ’ .
Nevertheless , he congratulated the government on having responded to the request for urgent assistance that he presented to the Prime Minister at the beginning of May .
&apos;I hope that the federal aid plan will make a major contribution to removing the public health system in Tasmania on the blacklist &apos; , said Mr Wilkie .
According to government government , these non-urgent procedures will largely reverse recent cuts .
But the health opposition spokesman Peter Duutton believes that today ’ s announcement is a “ makeshift solution . ”
“ The reason we are here is that the Labour government withdrew $ 430 from its health system , ” he said on ABC TV .
We cannot have a state government that extracts almost half a billion dollars and the Commonwealth that puts $ 300 , and pretends that it is a good day .
Mr Duutton visited Mrs Paulsek to ensure that no dollar of the rescue package will be spent on additional bureaucracy .
Guillaume Nicloux ’ s adjustment of Denis Diderot ’ s novel boasts remarkable artistic leadership and careful recovery , but it is also more laborious than it should be .
In France in the 1760 ’ s , it was telling the dark story of Suzanne , a young aristocrat sent to one curse by his family .
When it realizes , it faces the unholy cruelty of a deliberately sadistic Mother of Summer and is becoming a fascination for another .
The film never pays in lubricant or sensationalism , and that is the problem .
The conscientiousness of the narrative could also become a penance for the public .
Syria has destroyed its capacity to produce chemical weapons , declares the supervisory body .
Syria has destroyed essential equipment for the production of chemical weapons and weapons filled with toxic gas , declared the international chemical arms monitoring body on Thursday , while violent clashes were raging in the north of the country , near one of the sites where toxic agents are supposed to be stored .
A group of Syrian militants also declared Thursday that more than 120 000 people have been killed since the start of the civil war in the country almost three years ago .
The Organization for the Chemicals of Chemical Weapons ( ICAO ) has arrived one day in advance on the deadline of the
1 November set by the Hague Organisation ordered in Damascus to destroy or &apos; unusable &apos; all chemical weapons production units and machinery for mixing toxic gases and filling ammunition .
The completion of what is essentially the initial phase of destruction is an important step in the ambitious timetable to destroy Damascus chemical weapons by mid-2014 .
As a result of the destruction of equipment , Syria will no longer be able to produce new chemical weapons .
However , Damascus still has to start the destruction of existing weapons and reserves .
It is believed that the country has around 1 000 tonnes of chemical products and weapons , in particular mustard gas and the sarin nerve agent .
The announcement was made when the fighting was raging in the town of Safira on Thursday which , according to the experts , is home to a unit of production of chemical weapons and storage sites , reported the Syrian Monitoring Centre for Human Rights in Britain .
The group of militants , following the development of the human balance sheet through a network of militants based in Syria , said on Thursday that 120 296 people were dead .
Among them , it is estimated that there were 61 067 civilians , including 6 365 children .
On the government side , it is estimated that 29 954 members of President Bashar al-Assad ’ s armed forces died , with 18 678 fighters from the pro-government forces and 187 of Lebanese Hezbollah activists .
Among the dead , it is also estimated that 2 202 were deserters and some 5 375 of opposition fighters , many of whom were foreign .
On 25 July , the UN estimated that 100 000 people died in the conflict since March 2011 .
It has not updated this figure since .
Some 2 million people have had to flee the country due to the conflict .
Assad ’ s troops are fighting against the rebels , many of whom have been linked to al-Qa ’ ida groups , to Safira for weeks .
The Centre said on Thursday that there were losses on both sides , but did not give any precision .
The fighting has highlighted the importance of the dangers faced by chemical weapons inspectors when they have to complete their mission , which is to rid Syria of its toxic arsenal in the midst of a long-lasting civil war .
A statement by the IAC , which is working closely with the UN , indicated that its team was “ now satisfied that it has controlled – and seen destroyed – all declared critical production and machinery intended for mixing and filling . ”
She added that &apos; no other inspection activity was planned for the moment &apos; .
Earlier this week , the inspectors declared that they had completed the first stage of the verification work , visiting 21 of the 23 sites declared by Damascus .
They have not been able to visit the last two sites due to concerns about their safety , have indicated the inspectors .
On Thursday , the ICAO said that the two sites were , according to Syria , &apos; abandoned and ... that the elements of the chemical weapons programme that they contained were moved to other declared sites , which were inspected &apos; .
It was difficult to know at first sight whether Safira &apos;s unit was one of the two sites that the ICAO inspectors could not visit .
Syria has submitted a plan for the total destruction of its chemical weapons , which was approved the following month by the ICAO Executive Committee .
&apos;I salute the moral strength and the courage of all of you in the most difficult task of this organisation &apos; , said the Director-General of the organisation Ahmet Uzuumcu , in a comment published by the ICAO .
Now , in his third year , the civil war is mainly between Sunni Muslim rebels and the Assad government and its security forces , which are supported by members of the Alawite sect , a branch of Shi &apos;ite Islam .
On the other hand , the Director of the Syrian Monitoring Centre for Human Rights said that there had been a huge explosion on Wednesday in an air defence base in the Syrian coastal province of Latalkia .
The cause of the explosion remains unknown , he added .
Tolerance caused by the death sentence on one of Bali &apos;s bomb posters
The survivors and relatives of the 202 people who were killed in the attacks in Bali in 2002 reacted with anger to the sentence imposed on the last of the conspirators to be brought to justice , saying that Umar Patek should be shot by an execution squad .
Patek , who spent almost 10 years on flight by being one of the most sought-after men in South-East Asia , was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in prison for his role in the manufacture of explosive devices used in attacks .
He could be released after 15 years under conditional release .
The 45-year-old man was found guilty of mass killing for the attacks aimed at two night-boxes in Kuta ’ s popular tourist district , which caused the deaths of 202 people , 88 of whom were Australians , and caused many people to be injured .
It was also found guilty of many other charges in connection with terrorism , including a wave of attacks on churches throughout Indonesia on the eve of Christmas in 2000 .
Public prosecutors have asked for a life sentence , yet they could have asked for the man , described as &apos; Demolia Man &apos; for his reputation as an expert in the manufacture of bombs , to be sentenced to death .
The decision has revived painful memories for Ja Corteen , a mother of Peking who lost his two twin twin by 39 years , Jane and Jenny , in the destruction perpetrated by Patek and the other conspirators almost 10 years ago .
On the brink of tears , she said that Patek should have been sentenced to death .
I really think that it should have followed the same path as the other men .
“ He should be dragged to death , ” Mrs Corteen said to the APA .
I have to live every day without having other grandchildren or seeing my daughters .
Sari Club was completely destroyed when a huge bomb , charged to an external gate , exploded just after 23 p.m. on 12 October 2002 .
Peter Hughes was in Paddyss Bar when a kamikaze jumped with a dose bag with explosives barely 20 seconds earlier .
He sank into a coma in the aftermath of the attack and remained unconscious for a month , and he was “ dead ” three times when he was under respiratory assistance .
Mr Hughes said that Patek should have known the same fate as the other three members of the terrorist cell Jemaah Islamiyah responsible for the carnage – Amroszi , Mukhas and Imam Samura – who were executed four years ago .
In fact , this man should have been sentenced to death before the others .
To keep him alive , why , there is no reason to keep him alive .
To spend 20 years in prison after killing 202 people and injured hundreds of others is not a great deal .
Patek was the last of the Bali bombers to be brought to justice .
He managed to avoid being captured for almost 10 years but was finally arrested in January 2011 in the Pakistani city of Abbottabd , where American forces will kill the former al-Qaeda leader , Osama bin Laden , less than four months later .
During the trial , an agent of the FBI said that intelligence reports revealed that Patek was in Pakistan to meet bin Laden with the aim of restoring links between the terrorist groups in South-East Asia and Al Qaeda .
‘ He did not go ’ , he added Mrs Corteen .
Until recently , he made a mockery of the grief he could have caused to other people .
The verdict was made on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the attacks that will be held later this year and marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia .
‘ There will be a lot of beaches this year ’ , Mrs Corteen said .
However , Patek can appeal for his condemnation .
FAA : air passengers can now use gadgets on board aircraft ( but not an appeal with their mobile phones ) .
Airlines ’ passengers will be able to use their gateway electronic devices to read , work , play games , watch films , and listen to music – but not on their mobile phone – under the new directives that the Federal Aviation Administration has published on Thursday .
But passengers should not expect immediate changes .
The speed with which the change will be in place will vary from one airline to another , declared the administrator of the FAA Michael Herta at a press conference .
The airlines will have to prove to the FAA that their aircraft comply with the new directives and that they have updated the training textbooks of crew members and the rules on the collection of appliances to be in conformity .
The FAA said that it had already received plans from certain airlines to extend the use of electronic devices on their aircraft .
Delta and JetBlue are among the companies that have already submitted plans .
‘ In depending on the plan , we could approve an extended use of the electronic appliances very soon ’ , the FAA indicated in a statement .
At present , passengers must extinguish their smartphes , tablets and other appliances as soon as the gates of the aircraft are closed .
They are not supposed to scrap them before the plane reaches an altitude of 10 000 feet and the commander gives the go-ahead .
Passengers are supposed to extinguish their appliances at the plane ’ s descent before landing and not rallying them until the plane has been up .
Under the new directives , airlines whose aircraft are properly protected from electronic interference will be able to allow passengers to use their appliances during take-off , landing and rotation on the ground , has declared the FAA .
Most of the new airplanes and other aircraft that have been modified so that passengers can use the Wi-Fi at higher levels , should meet the criteria .
As the Chair of the Association of Profesal Fathht , the chairman of the Association of Profers , has been happy with these changes .
‘ Once the new policy is implemented safely – and we are going to work closely with the carriers for this – it will be of benefit to everyone , explained Glass in a statement .
We are , frankly , tired of feeling that we are &apos; room supervisors &apos; when it comes to this issue .
But it will always be forbidden to connect to the Internet for surfing , exchange emails and SMS , or download data below 10 000 feet , have declared the agency .
Passengers will have to put their smarphes , tablets , tablets and other appliances .
So , still not in Words With Friends , the scrabble online game that Alec Baldwin played on his smartphone in 2011 when he was grossly driven out of a American Airlines plane after refusing to extinguish his . At the time the device was kept on the doorstep .
And heavier appliances like laptops will always have to be brought up because they might hurt someone if they fly through the cabin .
Mobile telephones on board will also continue to be banned .
Regulatory power over mobile phones belongs to the Federal Communications Commission and not to the FAA .
The FAA can lift the ban on certain electronic devices during take-off and landing .
Last month , Mark Rosenker of the National Transfer Board , the national transport security expert on CBS News , said that mobile phones were always regarded as posing a risk .
‘ Mobile telephones are really a problem , not only because they might perhaps create interference with navigation instruments , but because we know that , according to the FCCC , they could disrupt mobile phone traffic antennas if they are used on board ’ , he said .
An industrial advisory committee set up by the FAA to examine the problem recommended last month that the government authorized a wider use of personal electronic devices .
The pressure on the FAA has increased in recent years to relax restrictions on their use .
Critics such as Senator McCaskl , D-Mo , maintain that there is no valid security reason for these bans .
The restrictions are also increasingly difficult to apply because the use of aircraft has become ubiquitous .
Some studies suggest that at least one third of passengers forget to switch off their appliances , or are deliberately doing so .
The FAA started to limit the use of electronic devices in 1996 following reports of interference with navigation and communication instruments when passengers were carrying radios FM , the then high-tech gadget .
New airplanes depend much more on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft , but they are also designed to withstand electronic interference and approved by the FAA .
Airlines allow their passengers to use the Wi-Fi in cruise altitudes for several years .
The modified aircraft to host Wi-Fi systems are also better at resisting interference .
The vast majority of airliners should make it possible for electronic equipment to be used more widely under the new directives , said Hertta .
Today ’ s electronic equipment usually emits radio transmissions that are much weaker than previous generations of appliances .
Electronic readers , for example , have only minimum transmissions when we turn to a page .
But the transmissions are stronger when the appliances are passed or data is sent .
Amazon.com is one of those who press for a relaxation of the restrictions on the use of electronic aircraft by passengers .
In 2011 , company leaders commissioned a Kindle e-books airliner to fly to see if there were problems , but there were none .
This inspired the members of the FAA Advisory Committee with mixed feelings about whether or not the use of appliances is a risk .
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said that he thought that the interference from the appliances was real , even if the risk was minimal .
Other members of the committee have said that there are only anecdotal reports from pilots indicating that appliances can interfere with aircraft systems , and that most of them are very old .
However , the committee recommended that the FAA should allow pilots to ask passengers to extinguish their appliances during the landing of the instruments under low visibility conditions .
One group of the voyage industry welcomed the changes , calling for sensible arrangements for travellers with technology .
&apos;We are pleased that the FAA recognises that a pleasant passenger experience is not incompatible with security &apos; , has declared Roger Dow , President and Director of the U.S. Travel Association .
A dead bird from a platform in the North Sea has been released in nature .
A bird , likened after being exhausted on an oil platform in the North Sea , has been released in nature .
The rank of water was raised on board a helicopter in the direction of Aberdeen last month before he was relegated to the Scottish SPCA in his rescue centre in Aloa .
The Centre ’ s director , Colin Seddon , said : “ This raspho of water probably was a winter migratory migratory that came from northern Europe and found itself caught in the midst of violent winds in the North Sea . ”
It seems that the exhausted bird would have been able to find refuge in the oil platform .
He added : &apos; He was unable to fly again , so we were contacted to help . &apos;
The gasg of water was healthy when it was released .
Is the European elite ready to do business with Britain ?
The Business for Britwest campaign was launched in April with the promise to reunite companies and define what wealth and employment creators want to see change in our relationship with the EU .
In order to do this , we commissioned the widest and most comprehensive investigation of the British entrepreneurs and asked them what they thought of Britain , companies and the EU .
YouGov questioned more than 1 000 entrepreneurs , generally representative of all the sizes of companies , sectors and regions of Britain .
The findings of the investigation will be a surprise to many .
We have discovered that the vast majority of companies are now seeking to export outside Europe , focusing on countries that modernize and develop while EU states stagnate .
They want to see the government prioritize new trade links with countries such as China , India , and Brazil , rather than getting bogged down in the long and arduous process of reforming European institutions .
When asked about specific political points – from the regulation of monopolies to product laws – the majority of entrepreneurs believe that control of these key competences should be returned to Westminster .
The single market caused general discontent , with companies saying that the cost of the Brussels Regulation is disproportionate to the benefits to be gained from being part of the European trade area – 40 % of the traditionally most pro-European large companies even agree .
Last but not least , our survey of entrepreneurs revealed that a large majority wanted Britain to pursue initiatives for treaty change and the development of a trade relationship with the EU , not politics .
This conclusion , which is found in all the large groups and businesses of all sizes , shows that the business world is insisting on a “ significant change ” that restores power in the United Kingdom .
The stakes are high – to change the treaty and to represent Britain ’ s interests better would allow a shift of 16 % of the votes to the country ’ s retention of the country in a referendum .
The Prime Minister should not be in any doubt about this : this investigation shows that British companies support this plan to renegotiate the terms of Britain &apos;s accession to the EU .
It also shows that companies hope that the renegotiation will be a significant change in the current balance of power in favour of a return to the United Kingdom .
It is possible , and increasingly necessary , to represent the interests of British companies better , as the euro area is moving towards closer economic and fiscal union .
The priority must be employment and growth in Britain and , as the conclusions of our investigation show , for companies this means once again the focus on trade and a fundamental change in the regulatory approach of Brussels .
America ’ s Hallaween colours
In the United States , President Obama has not derogated from Hallween ’ s tradition .
With his wife , yesterday evening , he distributed fridges to hundreds of children invited to the kindergartens in the White House in Washington .
Last year , the Hallween celebrations on the east coast of the United States were cancelled due to the passage of Hurricane Sandy .
This year , the celebrations have therefore caught up .
In New York , thousands of sufferers took part in the &quot; Greenwich village &quot; parade .
Everyone is over-excited , tells one of the participants , Andrea .
I was at last able to put my own house in order last year .
It is amusing like madness , adds Rhonda .
People are happy .
It is a good child , it is cool .
We really need that .
Hallween is a pagan festival celebrated on the eve of the Toussat , mainly in the Anglo-Saxon countries .
Alexei Miller of Gazprom states that the Bulgaria gas pipeline is not a new gas age .
The start of the construction of the South Stream pipeline in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe &apos;s largest energy projects , declared Gazprom &apos;s director .
‘ An historic event has taken place today : construction began in the Bulgarian part of South Stream , the large-scale project of Europe ’ s largest project ’ , explained by Alexei Miller , the Director-General of Gazprom , in a statement on Thursday .
This project is a key element of the energy security of the whole continent of Europe .
South Stream should make it possible to diversify Russia &apos;s export routes to Europe .
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine , which transit the largest part of Russian gas for Europe , increases the level of risk relative to conventional routes , adds the director .
Miller added that the direct link to Bulgaria , a member of the European Union , means that the geopolitical risks associated with the transit countries are eliminated &apos; forever &apos; .
Bulgarian consumers will be receiving the gas from South Stream at a reduced rate as soon as the whole project is put into operation in 2015 .
Gazprom has indicated that construction should start in other countries downstream by the end of the year .
The pipeline was designed for an annual capacity of 63 billion cubic metres of natural gas .
Pitcairin wants to create the world ’ s largest marine reserve .
The island of Pitcairin wants to create the world ’ s largest marine reserve , announced the daily newspaper the New York ’ s on Thursday , including an information from Radio Australia .
This island , in the east of the Gambia Archipelago ( French Polynesia ) , is the last British territory of the South Pacific , halfway between New Zealand and Chile .
This territory measure 47 km2 , if there are three other small close islands .
He has been British since his occupation in 1790 by the Bunty , an episode in the history of the English navy , which gave rise to three Hollywood adjustments .
A few dozen inhabitants , most of them descendants of the Bunty mutilates , still inhabit Pitcairn , and their incomes depend on 95 % of London ’ s generosity .
The Council of Cyprus voted unanimously in favour of creating a marine reserve around the small archipelago , or 836,000 km2 , which correspond to its exclusive economic zone .
An Deputy Mayor of the island went to London asking Britain to validate this request .
Mike Warren , the Mayor of Pitcairin , believes that the creation of such a protected area would be a first step towards greater financial autonomy for his island .
The project must be accepted by the English Governor of Pitcairen , resident in New Zealand , and by the British Government .
The creation of such a marine reserve would allow the United Kingdom to snap these 836,000 km2 , provided , however , that it has the means to monitor it , which is not the case .
There is no airport in Pitcairn , which makes it impossible to base one or more aircraft on the surveillance of the area , and there is no port to place military surveillance vessels .
With regard to France , it must already lead the very costly air and sea surveillance of the five million km2 of the French EEZ of Polynesia &apos;s EEZ , neighbour of Pitcairn .
The FAA relaxed restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on board aircraft – but it will always be forbidden to pass calls on mobile phones .
Fighting aircraft attack a Russian missile stock in the port city of Latakia , which indicates a person &apos;s responsibility .
It would appear to be the continuation of the Israeli campaign to prevent the proliferation of weapons in the Middle East .
A federal appeal court is blocking the decision of a judge that the controversial NYPD tactic is discriminatory against minorities .
Almost 100 African migrants hoping to travel to Algeria died of thirst after their two trucks broke down in the middle of the Sahara .
Experts say that violence that has caused the deaths of 14 adults and 7 children is an unfortunate coincidence , not a sign of an escalation of violence in America .
Instead of destabilizing government activity in the US , investors have remained focused on what is probably the most important : the Federal Reserve .
California intends to challenge what might be the first quotation of its kind , saying that the Internet ’ s out-of-touch glasses make navigation easier .
The police state that it is in possession of a video that seems to show the Maire Rob Ford as a crackdown .
Even the close allies are hiding things – and watching from all angles to find out what has not been said .
The Vatican wants to know how the Catholics around the world deal with sensitive issues such as contraception , divorce and homosexual couples .
Prison Life for a Former Chinese Deputy Governor
A former Deputy Governor of Jilin Province in north-east China was sentenced on Friday to life imprisonment for corruption .
The Communist Party of July 2012 , Tian Xueren was accused of having affected more than 19 million yuans of bribes , reported the official media in China .
Between 1995 and 2001 , the Deputy Governor , who was also the president of the Bank of Jiin , a public establishment , helped and accountable for contracts , loans or promotions in exchange for money or gifts , declared the first interim court in Beijing on his microlog .
President Xi Jinping , who took office last March , made the fight against corruption a national priority , believing that the phenomenon was a threat to the very existence of the Communist Party .
If the Head of State promised that justice would also be intractable with the powerful &apos; tigers &apos; than with &apos; flies &apos; - the junior officials - only a handful of high-ranking officials were convicted , including former executives of oil giant Petrochina .
The most spectacular recent case was that of the CCP ’ s former leader in Chongqing , Bo Xilai , sentenced to life in September for corruption and abuse of power after targeting the highest office in the state .
But the government has shown no intention of reforming the anti-corruption system by , for example , creating an independent party .
Two YMCA employees accused of sexual assault following allegations against Jonathan Lord at a hearing of the Royal Commission .
Two workers in South Wales have been accused of sexual assaults on children following allegations against Caringbah &apos;s educator , Jonathan Loord , in 2011 , at a hearing of the Royal Commission for Sexual Sexual Abuse of Children .
In his opening statement to the Commission , however , YMCA said that it &apos; never had to deal with a sexual assault on children within its organisation &apos; .
The Director General Phillip Hare has been asked about two cases : an employee of the YMCA has been accused of infringements of child pornography and a PE &apos;s PE instructor of YMCA Caringbah Hall has been found guilty of sexual assaults on children in the centre where he is working . In 1991 .
Mr Hare said to the Commission &apos;s Advocate to the Commission that he was aware of the first case , but he was not aware of the second case .
He also admitted that the opening declaration of the YMCA was inaccurate by emphasizing that &apos; the external controls of the YMCA have been carried out and have indicated that the safety of children is an absolute priority for the organisation &apos; .
It was demonstrated in the Commission that the YMCA had been informed that it had received the more bad opinions of four institutions during a quality audit of the Departement of Education and Communications carried out in August of this year .
Mr Hare , who began to work in YMCA at the age of 21 , admitted that staff management was a failure with the recruitment of Lord and that he had failed to check that the employees knew that they were obliged to report any violation of children &apos;s security policy .
Earlier this year , Lord was condemned for sexual assaults on 12 boys during the two years he worked in YMCA .
He was sentenced to a minimum sentence of six years in prison .
But Mr Hare rejected the idea that YMCA would have a cultural problem preventing staff from reporting the defaults of the Lord on the safety of children .
The members of the staff testified that they had observed certain shortcomings , in particular the fact that the Lord remained alone with the children , that he kept them privately , putting them on his knees , telling them that he loved them and allowed them to play with his mobile phone .
Danielle Okwell , who was framed by Lord and asked for training for the protection of children because she was worried about his behaviour , indicated that she was responsible for the childhood services of YMCA Caringbah , Jacis Barnaat , who would be subject to Lord &apos; Very daunting and difficult to approach most of the time . ”
The Director-General said that he was rejecting the testimony of the staff that they were reluctant to point out these shortcomings to their superiors .
Instead , he said that their friendly relations with Lord have blurred their judgment , which means that they have not reported his actions .
Mr Hare said that he had expressed his view before the Council of YMCA in South Wales that , for the organisation , the lesson of the &apos; Jonathan Loord incident &apos; should not concern the &apos; reporting &apos; by the staff , and the Council agreed with him .
Mr Hare said that the decision to sign the staff of the confidentiality agreements , shortly after the allegations have been mentioned , was taken by the Director-General of the YMCA , Liam Whitley .
He said that this decision was intended to avoid any contamination of evidence but that it was an &apos; excess zeal &apos; and that it had been badly implemented .
The South Wales ’ s YMCA was not a safe child at the time when Jonathan Lord was used , namely between 2009 and 2011 , the expert on sexual violence against children , Professor Stephen Smallbone of GriIt is not good enough before the Commission .
He said that there are &apos; serious problems &apos; in the recruitment , monitoring , initiation , training and supervision of staff .
The hearing was postponed until 20 December .
Tony Blair said that he would seize the opportunity to become prime minister again , but admitting that his return is unlikely .
In an interview last night marking the 5th anniversary of his departure at the end of his term of office , 59 years of his man made his views known on various national policies .
Since its departure in June 2007 after a decade in the country , Mr Blair has largely avoided discussing British policy , limiting his comments to foreign affairs and its role as a special envoy of the Quartet for the Middle East peace process .
When asked whether he would like to return to the post of Prime Minister , Mr Blair would have replied , according to London ’ s EPing Standard : ‘ Yes , of course , but it may happen , so ... ’
When many of them met in Cardiff to meet and win the trophy of the Cheval of the year , they knew that the competition would be tough .
But no one expected a three-year-old child to be won .
Not yet in school , and only a few months after having made its first weapons , the tangle and its pony Shetland Toffland have trotted out for three rounds with great ease and won the first price , leaving behind the 30 other adult competitors .
The two inseparable – the same size – were welcomed for presentation , attitude , and style during the annual contest that took place in the Yunnybank centre , in Rody near Cardiff .
When he stood against men and women in elegant meals , he was wearing his hat a little on the side in a way that was deused to dispose of his two year old pony on the runway .
It was welcomed by the judges for his natural qualities of uncommon compact for a child of his age .
And Tede received very good notes for his presentation and personality .
Forced Toffée was present for his 3rd birthday in March of last year , and he has been involved since with his Shetland pony every day .
His 30-year-old mother said : &apos; Enon and Tedus make an excellent duo &apos; .
They have stood against each other and against all of them , but the two have flouted the league of gold and rockets .
It was only the second time that he was with Toffe , and we were glad that he won .
On the runway , people who did not know it thought it was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him .
This boy , from the village of Nantyglo , near Ebbw Vale , in the south of Wales , follows the footsteps of his aunt Sharon , who has been involved in queues for more than 10 years .
Mrs Howitt said : &apos; There was electricity in the air and everyone encouraged and applauded it &apos; .
He has come all the length of the runway , and even if he seemed to be small , he did a wonderful job .
Enough of animals – it loves horses , tractors , and the rural world , and has two chickens .
In the way he started , he will certainly be taking part in the year ’ s Ceval demonstration – and I am sure he will make a good contribution .
A mouthpiece of the annual survey said : “ Menon is only three years old , but he knows how to drive his pony . ”
They are a good team .
The judges noticed that Fenon and Tedicus presented well and the way in which they went on the runway .
They seek effective teamwork between the pony and the trainer – Folon and Toffa were the best on the runway .
I am sure that his beautiful clothes helped Faith , he really was proud .
A Chinese newspaper that launched a call “ will be reshuffled . ”
A Chinese newspaper that launched an appeal on the front page for the release of a journalist accused of defamation will be redrafted , declares a press regulator .
The New Express based in Guangzhou published a rare public appeal for the release of the journalist Chen Yongzhou .
But Chen subsequently admitted on television that he had accepted bribes to make stories about a semi-public society .
Now New Express is going to undergo a &apos; complete overhaul &apos; , has declared the regulator .
The &apos; reshuffle &apos; comes from the administration of Guangdon for Presse and Edition , Radio , Film and Television .
A preliminary inquiry showed that the New Express belonging to the Yangcheng News Group published a number of incorrect articles on the Zoomlicon company between September 2012 and August 2013 .
“ The New Express was disorganized , ” the regulator said in a statement .
He indicated that he had decided to &apos; impose a sanction of an administrative nature in Chen Yongzhou by withdrawing his press card &apos; .
He also “ ordered the Yangcheng News Group to undertake a comprehensive overhaul of New Express , and recommended that he carry out an investigation into the people responsible in New Express and immediately revisit the newspaper ’ s management team . ”
Mr Chen wrote a number of articles for the New Express on the alleged financial irregularities of a construction equipment manufacturer called Zoomlicon .
After his arrest , his newspaper twice published an appeal on the front page for his release , writing that he supported his journalism .
But Chen then appeared on a public television channel where he admitted that he had published false stories about money .
“ In this case , I did not in Zoomlicon as well as the media industry and its ability to gain public confidence , ” he said to the public television network CCCTV .
I did so mainly because I was running after money and celebrity .
I have realised my mistake .
Following Mr Chen &apos;s apology , New Express published his apology on the front page , writing that he had not properly checked his articles .
A number of important suspects recently turned out to be televised .
Experts say that people are systematically forced to go their own way , despite a change in the law that was voted on earlier in the year banning the authorities from forcing anyone to incriminate themselves .
The aircraft carrier Charl-de Gaulle in &apos; Unavailability &apos;
In Toulon , the aircraft carrier is in short supply .
The radio-active steam leak detected on one of the two nuclear mills of Charl-de Gaulle , in mid-October and when the ship was at sea , was &apos; safe for the seamen &apos; , but is not without consequences for the navy .
The Royal has just confirmed to us the &apos; unavailability &apos; of the vessel until &apos; mid-November &apos; , &apos; time to take the necessary corrective measures &apos; on the reactor .
For its part , the DNC , a defender of defence , ensures that its teams and those of Areva , despatched in the Var for the time , &apos; are currently involved in the aircraft carrier &apos; .
It is a matter for them , among other things , to change an apple on deficient heating .
&apos;Everything is done to ensure that Charle-de Gaulle is able to carry out its planned deployment at the end of 2013 &apos; , but explains the DAC .
And the National Marine to certify that &apos; it does not call into question the programme of activities of the &apos; nuclear propulsion &apos; ship .
Let us remember that the aircraft carrier Charl-de Gaulle is coming out of an interim period of six months .
He had detached from Toulon in mid-October for training .
In particular , this is in order to call young people pilots of hunting .
A &apos; small chorus &apos; , confined to the reactor &apos;s area of reactor containment , then occurred on the flagship ship of the French fleet .
According to the national navy , the crew had not been exposed to possible radioactive contamination .
For more than a year , I have been able to see a great deal of discontent on the part of the people I meet : a monstrous reassessment of their properties , a flood of taxes , the cost of all kinds of licences , and an end to administrative costs .
In short , there is no limit to our pockets .
Millions of dollars squandered could be spared in order to allow much respectful taxation of those who pay .
Any money that is taken away from taxpayers will reduce their freedom of consumption and contribute to their impoverishment .
In Shawinigan , despite the closure of all major companies , we are not bothered about somptuary expenditure and the maintenance of lame ducks : a deficit cultural centre , a strong subsidy to the energy City , etc .
If these plants are not profitable , they are sold to the private company or are demolished .
It is also sad to see the expropriation of a number of properties in order to welcome a major industry that has never come .
However , I give an honourable mention to the transformation of the old Wabasso into a sort of industrial incubator , but at what cost to tax payers ?
It is not for the public to invest in such companies , but for the private sector on the basis of consumer demand .
The citizens were pleased to learn that the lakes in Fisheries and Pies will continue to supply the city with drinking water .
Following the departure of all industries ( consumers of water ) and the large decline in the population , the use of water has fallen considerably across the territory .
Without wanting to waste it , the city will never lack water and the severe regulation on its use could be greatly softened .
In short , it is easy to achieve a great deal with other people &apos;s money .
I would be ashamed to defend such a balance sheet .
With gross debt of more than $ 200 million , this city is no longer able to buy a pen without going through an borrowing regulation .
We have been managed for more than 40 years with high qualifications for the majority , and I do not believe that a sheep farmer is doing worse .
Down in a drugs tunnel between the United States and Mexico with its own railway line
One of the most sophisticated tunnels for drug trafficking between the US and Mexico , with its own lighting , ventilation and electric rails , has been discovered .
The US authorities have described the tunnel by 4 feet 3 as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they have ever seen .
The tunnel , a zigzagant on the same length of time at almost six long-lasting football fields , links warehouses near Tijuana , Mexico , San Diego in the United States .
The area is full of indefinable warehouses , which makes it easy to conceal the trucks in charge of drugs .
The tunnel was closed before the drugs came out of it unnoticed , said the authorities .
The authorities seized 8.5 tonnes of marijuana and 148 kg of cocaine after the tunnel was discovered , according to court cases .
Three men who , according to the authorities , worked as drivers , were accused of marijuana and cocaine possession with intent to sell .
They incur a prison sentence ranging from 10 years to life imprisonment if they are condemned .
In Nogales , Arizona , traffickers use vast underground drainage channels .
The tunnel is the important eighth passage in San Diego since 2006 .
Some of the biggest tunnels were discovered as a result of the marijuana harvest in the centre of Mexico in October , posing a challenge to the drug cartels that have to deliver their products quickly to consumers .
In 2010 , the authorities found a passage of around 700 yards fitted with railways that ran from the kitchen of a Tijuana house and went up to two San Diego warehouses .
The British police issue an extradition mandate against Assange
The British police have now issued an extradition mandate against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who took refuge in the Ecuador of Ecuador in London and called for political asylum .
Scotland Yard said that she had issued a “ surrender opinion ” against Australians by 40 years , asking him to come to a police station , adding that if he did not , he would be likely to be arrested .
Assange could be extradited in Sweden following the allegations of sexual crime , having exhausted all possible channels under the British law after the Supreme Court invalidated the appeal against his extradition at the beginning of the month .
Fearing that Stockholm allows its transfer to the US , he found refuge in the Ecuador ’ s Ecuadorian Ambassador in London on June 19 , asking that South America ’ s country of the South .
Scotland Yard &apos; issued an opinion against a 40-year-old man asking him to come to a police station at the time and the time of his choice &apos; , said a spokesman .
It continues to violate the conditions for its release under bail .
Embassy refused to comment on the issuing of the opinion by the police .
Assange fears that he will be extradited from Sweden to the United States where he could be accused of espionage , having unveiled more than 250 000 US diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks website fighting secret information .
How biometrics will invade our lives
Final the fad words for access to his smartphone or pay for his purchases ?
American , French or Japanese researchers predict a future in which we will be recognised by the biometrics of telephones and computers .
Bernard Didier , the deputy head of Mopho , even believes that “ the century will be biometric . ”
Only biometrics will ensure the identity of a person carrying out transactions in such a transverse and transnational world as the Internet .
The organisations dedicated to the protection of privacy confirm this enthusiasm for biometrics , but they are worried about it .
In 2011 alone and in France , the National Commission for Information and Freedoms authorised 774 systems for the recognition of fingerprints , the form of hand or the veinous network of hand in companies , administrations , canteens ...
&apos;Everyone will soon be identified , anywhere and when &apos; , tread Brookman , who is responsible for the privacy of consumers in the CDT ( Center for Democracy and Technology ) , in Washington .
The reasons for such optimism , among some , and pessimism , among others ?
Biometrics will be based on new techniques , which will make it possible to provide new services to citizens and consumers .
Today , in France , the most used biometric data are fingerprints , the hand of the hand and the veinous network of the pile or fingers .
But each of these techniques has its constraints .
&apos;For example , some people who work in concrete have a very abyss of fingers and their fingerprints are unreadable &apos; , noting Philippe Robin Hood , the technical director of the identity domain of Thales Communications .
And the gathering , as well as the verification of the veinous network and the hand of the hand , is a voluntary act of the people .
It is both a safety - it cannot be taken for granted - and one disadvantage : the procedure must sometimes be repeated and therefore takes time .
As a result , research has been carried out for some twenty years on other approaches , such as the recognition of the face or the icis ( the colourful part of the eye ) .
Thanks to the increase in the accuracy of the sensors and the ability to calculate the computers required for the analysis of data , these techniques become operational .
The precision of facial recognition has increased tenfold over the last five years , calculating Gyrile Batilla , the director of the R &amp; D laboratories in Europe .
With our help , the United Kingdom and Holland deployed automatic border crossings using facial recognition .
It is now possible to identify a face or iis on the move .
&apos;Today we are carrying out research on the recognition of voice or on how to walk with noise sensors , but we need a silent environment &apos; , according to Sridhar Iyengar , the head of security research to the Intel Labs .
The single , infamous Marquinur , DNA also raises hopes and concerns .
&apos;In the current state of knowledge , it can be regarded as the ultimate biometric data &apos; , confirmed by Sophie Vullinet-Tava , Director of the Studies , Innovation and Prospective to CNIL .
But the DNA analysis is still very long and expensive .
Nan is proposed to the judicial police force costing EUR 90,000 to analyse DNA samples in the place of a crime and in an hour .
The use of biometrics is divided into two groups : identification ( recognising one person among others ) and authentication ( ensuring that the person is the person it claims to be ) .
The identification so far has been the issuing of identity papers : biometrics ( fingerprints , photo , iis ) , with the information that the state possesses on all the citizens already staked on .
This makes it possible to ensure that a person does not attempt to usurp someone else &apos;s identity .
This principle of comparison can have other applications .
NEIS proposes the recognition of VIVs at the entrance to a hotel or shop .
&apos;We repudiate the pictures of the surveillance cameras and compare them with the photographs of celebrities who circulate freely on the Internet , &apos; explains Dane Nassif , who is responsible , in NEC France , for commercial development for biometric identifiers .
Another use : to take a photograph that has queued up in a shop , following its progress through facial recognition and calculating the waiting time .
authentication was initially a matter of physical access ( borders , local protected areas , canteens ... ) or logical ( opening of a computer ) .
More recently , it has been added to the presence of the presence of presence .
&apos;One biometric biometrics avoids the phenomenon of the Copin , which points for another &apos; , justifies Gyrile Batilla , of Accratat .
More and more , however , authentication will also concern transactions , particularly those made from connected devices to the Internet .
In Japan , it is already possible to withdraw money from some distributors by introducing its card and by putting its hand on a biometric reader : it replaces the hedging of the secret code .
A similar technique is being tested at Villeneuus-d &apos;Ascq and in Angila by Natural Security in partnership with banks and teachers of the big distribution : when paying in shop with its bank card , the customer does not tap his code but introduces its own . It is in a reader who scanns the calves .
The experiment is scheduled to last for six months .
If conclusive , biometric readers could soon arrive among French traders .
Solutions to reassure users
There are three ways of making biometrics seductive in the eyes of the general public .
The first is to explain that it can save time .
&apos;If , thanks to biometrics , a client is still in office 30 seconds less , that is good &apos; , explains the director of a large area .
The second is to offer personalised services : in a few years &apos; time , a voice will be able to recognise your voice and propose tailor-made options .
Finally , I would like to reassure you by highlighting the precautions taken to protect databases .
&apos;Investigations are stored on a first server ; people &apos;s identities are in a second basis : the correlation between the two numbers is encrypted and stored in a highly secure cable , which is blocked if you try to move it &apos; , lists Philippe Robin , of Thales .
But , due to a lack of in-depth studies , it is impossible to know whether these speeches are really convincing the users .
Privacy specialists continue to worry .
&apos;The progress of facial recognition , the multiplication of surveillance cameras and the huge quantity of photographs available on Facebook , Flikr or Picasa , make me fear the worst : widespread surveillance &apos; , predicted Andrew Patrick , the Commission for the Protection of Private life in Canada .
A driver , at 210 km / h , with a warm beverage between the legs , was given a £ 1000 ammont of £ 1000 .
A motorist has been fined a £ 1000 fine for driving at 210 km / h with a hot drink that is in balance between his legs .
Andrew Howi , 35 years of Tiptree in Essex , was restarted leading his Mercedes Benz on the A120 to Baintree on 27 May .
When the police arrested him , they discovered the beverage between his legs and his legs .
In the Court of First Instance in Colchester , Howe admitted the conduct of conduct without the necessary prudence and attention .
The seven points of its permit led to a 6 months &apos; withdrawal .
Howus has also been sentenced to pay costs amounting to £ 90 and a £ 100 per victim .
A Tax on Foreign homeowners to burst the London bubble
The Treasury has provisionally quantified the capital gains tax , but is waiting for a final decision by Osborne , who , in the 2012 budget , has put a 7 % stamp on properties costing more than £ 2M and annual costs for buyers who choose to hold property . In the context of a society rather than individual .
the stamp right already applies to the residential properties of Westminster and Kensington &amp; Chelsea , and to £ 708 M in the fiscal year 2012 / 13 , which exceeds the total amount of Northern Ireland , Wales , Scotland , The North-East , Northwest and Yorkshire and Humber region combined .
Mr Cook said : &apos; As a result of the increase in the right of stamps on the high value and the introduction of the anti-avoidance law in this area , it is very difficult to make progress on the fact that high-value properties are under-imposed independently of the effects of the obsolete residential tax system . &apos;
“ But this change could make foreign investors reluctant to buy property in London or current owners who are reluctant to sell , ” he added .
prestige housing – the 5 % to 10 % of the highest prices in the housing market – in the prosperous southwest London sector that is running out of Fulham in Wimbidon , increased by a record-high 11.8 % last year .
Prices in central London are growing year by year in a year of 5.6 % , but have been eclipsed by an “ internal market ” that is growing , the southwest of the city , the north ( 7.4 % ) and ( 6.5 % ) with a recovery , according to SI think that is the case .
Scientists have just highlighted the way in which a dog &apos;s queue is linked to its mood .
Previous studies revealed that happy dogs won their queue to the right ( from the point of view of the dog ) , while the nervous dogs made it more to the left .
But scientists now say that dogs can detect these subtle differences and respond to them .
Professor Georgio Vallortigara , a neuroscientists from the University of Trente , said : “ Everyone knows that , in humans , the left side and the brain ’ s right are involved in a different way in the stimuli that arouse positive or negative emotions . . ”
Here we have tried to see what is happening in other species .
He added that , as in the case of human beings , the right side of the brain to dogs was responsible for the movement to the left and vice versa , and that both hemisphere played a different role in emotions .
To know more about the way in which dogs respond to the disorderly queue of other dogs , researchers have followed animals that watch movies on other dogs .
They have measured the cardiac frequency of animals and analysed their behaviour .
It will certainly not be long before we understand why their queue sometimes goes on one side and sometimes on the other .
Professor Vallortigara has explained : “ We have presented dogs of films where other dogs contain dogs – or a naturalist version is a silette to avoid any other factor of confusion – and we have been able to tap the queue and present it to the left or to the right . . ”
When the animals saw a dog without a queue queuing up to the right ( from the point of view of the dog that queued ) , they remained perfectly relaxed .
But when they found a queue deviating mainly from the left ( once again from the point of view of the dog ’ s queue ) , their heart has accelerated , and they seem anxious .
Professor Vallortigara said that he did not think that dogs deliberately communicate with each other through these movements .
Rather , it believes that dogs know by experience the movements that they should or should not worry about .
He added : &apos; If you meet on several occasions with other dogs , and if you note that , most of their time , their queue to one side is associated with a more friendly attitude and that the right side leads to a less friendly attitude , you will react according to this experience . &apos;
Researchers show that the results could enable the owners , vets and commentators to better understand the emotions of their animals .
The expert in John Bradshaw , a professor invited to the School of Veterinary Sciences at Bristol University , made it clear that it was not the first study to examine the importance of the left and right in the canin species .
Last year , a team from the University of Lincoln found that dogs turned head to the left when they looked at an aggressive and right-wing dog when it was a joyful dog .
And , in another scientific study by Victoria University in Canada , he said : “ The dogs were more easily toward a robot dog when his queue left to the left rather than to the right , instead of becoming anxious – the opposite of what is in the Italian study . ”
He pointed out that the differences could come from the fact that dogs who participated in the various studies did not entirely consider the animals or robots as dogs .
A study of the way dogs respond to real dogs could be useful , he explained .
“ Although many elements , found in different mammals , indicate that both sides of the brain are used for different purposes , many of the details still need to be clarified – and dogs are no exception . ”
However , given the ease with which their behaviour can be registered , it will certainly not be long before we understand why their queue sometimes moves on one side and sometimes on the other .
Artic Monkeys postpones a concert in Glasgow as a result of Alex Turner &apos;s disease .
The rock tank Artic Monkeys has postponed a concert in Glasgow after being diagnosed with a lenient to his singer .
The Sheffield Group was due to take place on Friday in the concert room The Hydro in the town centre .
But his laryngitis forced the singer Alex Turner to reprogram the spectacle .
The announcement was made after the group was forced to postpone a concert to LG Arena de Birmingham on Thursday .
In a statement on their official site , the Artic Monkeys said : “ Following the decision to postpone Birmingham ’ s concert concert to LG Arena this evening and after asking for medical advice , the Artic Monkeys must also postpone the spectacle of the Hydro of Glasgow on Friday 1 November . &apos;
&apos;Alex Turner suffers from a lenient and regrets that he cannot happen in concert . &apos;
The spectacle of Birmingham &apos;s LG Arena will take place on 20 November and the Glasgow Hydrow is due to take place on 21 November .
All the notes are valid for these concerts .
We wish to apologise to all the ticket owners for any discomfort caused .
Thank you for contacting the customer service in which you bought your tickets for any supplementary aid .
Pope Francis will name his first cardinals in February
Pope Francis will appoint new Cardinals of the Catholic Church for the first time on 22 February , announced the Vatican on Thursday .
Cardinals are the highest-ranking men in the Catholic Church behind the Pope , and those who elect him , so Francis will appoint his first group of men who ultimately choose his successor .
There are currently 201 cardinaux .
But , as soon as a cardinal reaches the age of 80 , he can no longer take part in the election of a Pope – that is to say , a group of 120 ’ s voters .
In a statement announcing the new , Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said that a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held before the ceremony in which bishops will be bred to the dignity of Cardinal , known as the name . Confrontal .
“ Pope Francis has decided to communicate his decision to convene February in advance in order to facilitate the planning of other meetings requiring the participation of Cardinals in various parts of the world . ”
Jack Valero of the Catholic Vice has said that by February the number of cardinal cardiners will probably have fallen .
He said that a Pope usually has as many cardinals as he had to do so that the number of cardinal cardiners could reach 120 and as many of the more than 80 years old as he wanted .
Next year ’ s coniscise will be important , because it will be the first since Pope Francis ’ s election in March of this year , said Valero .
At the moment , there is a kind of tendency to favour Europe and , in particular , Italy .
“ It will be interesting to see whether the new Pope will appoint cardinals to the rest of the world to restore the balance , ” he added .
Forty per cent of Roman Catholics live in South America , but a small number of cardinals represent them .
Cardinals will also be chosen for the first time since Francis formed the Cardinals Council , a group of eight cardinals from around the world to consider how to reform the church .
Previously , the Pope decided to decide on his own .
“ From now on , Francis chose these eight cardinals to help him ’ , explained Valero .
He added that it was &apos; entirely possible &apos; that Francis requests for cardinals .
But we have never experienced such a situation – it is completely new .
Valero pointed out that the popes typically raised bishops representing vast communities as Cardinal , but that Francis was “ full of surprises – so we don ’ t know who will name them . ”
GM recalls some of its new pickups in the United States to repair the seats dossier
General Motors Co recalls almost 19 000 of his newest Chevrolt Silverado and GMC 2014 , in order to deal with a problem with incremental files , according to a statement on Friday of the American body responsible for the regulation of vehicle safety .
Out of some pickups , the seats before they were able to present a defect at the level of the inclination mechanism .
As a result , the dossiers do not comply with the federal safety standards for vehicles with regard to the type of support .
‘ If the vehicle is cured by the back , it may not protect passengers properly , thereby increasing the risk of injuries ’ , according to the statement displayed at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) site .
The models that were recalled were built between 1 August and 10 September .
The deployment of GM pickups began in June and represents the launch of the most important vehicles for the first American car manufacturer since its collapse and restructuring in 2009 .
GM has informed owners of pickups of default in the first half of October .
The NHTSA has not been able to examine the letter of information to owners due to the 16 days of government activities , which has slowed down the growth in car sales in October .
Sales of pickups Silverado and Sierra , which have been redrawn for the 2014 model , have increased by around 20 % in the first 10 months of the year , declared GM on Friday .
In October , GM sold 42 660 pickers and 16 503 pickups .
GM ’ s stock price rose by 1.4 % to $ 37.47 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon .
A worker dies in concrete blocks .
A construction worker is dead under dozens of concrete blocks , on Thursday lunchtime , in Montreal .
The tragedy occurred at 11 a.m. on the streets of Marquette , very close to the intersection of the Beauaut street , in the roundabout of Rosemont-La Patrie .
In all probability , work on the foundations has been going on there for some time .
A junior wall wall was erected in the last few days .
The accident occurred at a time when the victim had just arrived on the building site in order to recover its tools .
I was travelling by car and I saw the wall collapse with a big smoke cloud , said Sylvain Jean , who is still close to the building site .
I am landed and I went to remove the bricks that were going back .
We only saw some of his back , that is so unfortunate .
According to the authorities , the victim is an elderly man in the fifties who worked for a coffers company .
Religious maneuvers have been tried by the emergency services , but they have not been successful .
The man did not survive his serious injuries .
A Commission inspector on health and safety at work was sent to investigate the circumstances surrounding this tragedy .
Obama \ u0027s voyage of Despair
I voted twice for President Obama , believing in the possibility of change .
He says that Obama has made laudable efforts to promote the Republican Party ’ s obstructionism .
Instructionism does not excuse the difficulties of the Obamacare site , nor the attacks on drones .
The memory of Obama ’ s 2008 campaign is a sad reminder of what could have happened .
Natheel P. Morris is a 2nd year student student of the Harvard Medical Medicines Faculty .
I am reading a pound which is painfully sad in the last few days .
It is a book which , I thought , would encourage me during the morality of the 2nd year of medicine and would give me hope .
He is called “ The Audacity to Win , ” and this is the memoirs of Barack Obama ’ s presidential campaign of 2008 .
When I finished the medical records of my patients in the evening and I saw myself , this book took me back to the time when the policies were inspired by the millions of people and where speeches could bite you breath .
The election ended with overwhelming victory , and presenters of news newspapers took time to reflect on the historical nature of the moment .
My comrades have pleaded with joy and my parents have kept all the newspapers they found .
A young team of visionaries was moving towards the White House and the nation was ready for change .
During Obama ’ s transition period before taking office in 2008 , he had 82 % of his views .
Then I close the book .
The return to the present is a difficult awakening . It is like getting out of a dream .
It is difficult to remember these optimistic days , they are as distant memories , a sad reminder of the opportunities of the past .
The change really took place in the years after I first voted .
That had nothing to do with what I had imagined .
I put to the credit of Obama great achievements , from the passing of the Affordable Care Act to the departure of Iraq ’ s military , to the end of the “ or seen , and the assassination of Osama bin Laden . ”
In addition , I believe that partisan obstructionism has destroyed too many efforts to advance our nation in the field of immigration reforms , public health care and the closure of Guantánamo , among other things .
But , having repeatedly defended Obama ’ s administration to my peers and my colleagues , I can no longer explain .
I am on the brink of political despair .
The Republican obstruction cannot explain the bugging of foreign leaders , nor the attacks on innocent foreign children by drones .
It cannot explain that the National Security Agency collected data on the privacy of Americans , nor the indictment of whistleblowers who reveal the misdeeds of the government .
It cannot justify the murder of Anwar al-Awlaki , an American citizen , without trial , or the avoidance of public funding and the overspending of spending during presidential campaigns .
It cannot justify the conclusions of a report which says that the efforts of the White House to silence the media are the &apos; more aggressive ... since the administration of Nixon &apos; .
And , more recently , it cannot excuse the impossibility of designing a simple website for more than three years after the Affordable Care Act has been ratified .
I do not know whether that was what I expected .
If , at the age of 18 , I was supposed to understand that governance could contradict the political campaigns that were before it .
Of course , the electoral function is not predictable , because the opposition political party and events that happen by chance , such as the Newton massacre , influence our public conversation .
However , all the examples I have listed here seem to be largely the choice of administration .
That is what bothers me most .
I voted again for Obama in 2012 , but not because I was enthusiastic about his candidacy .
Mitt Romney presented a confused and unrefined alternative that did not seem to allow his policies or positions to be determined .
I felt that Obama , elected for a second term by being released from the pressure of future elections , would make the promises that have been heard for so long .
Yet , while the favorable Open Index has plunged below 45 % this week , it is even more difficult to come back to 2008 through this book .
I would like to see the many promises that have been made .
This week , I read the part of the book that describes how Obama has suffered enormous losses for the benefit of Clinton in Pennsylvania ’ s Priisers .
At a post-campaign meeting , he told his team that they had to go on the right track and remain true to their cause .
“ I want us to get back on our talent , ” he said .
We must remember who we are .
We were five years after , Mr President , and I no longer agree with you .
The views expressed in this comment are only those of Natheel Morris .
On Friday , at 15.00 , a violent collision between a motorcycle and a car occurred in Fléon .
The molate , Jonathan , 26 years , of Fléon , did not bother .
Despite rapid relief , he died during this frontal collision .
Clive Palmer claims that Mr Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest in relation to the system of parental leave .
The billionaire MEP Clive Palmer argues that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over the parental leave system because his daughters could be pregnant and take advantage of this system .
The mining tycoon , which contests the payment of a $ 6 ( $ 6 ) carbon tax , has argued this in an attempt to remove questions about a possible conflict .
The Pale United Party Party could control up to four votes in the Senate , which could be crucial when deciding whether carbon and mining taxes should be abolished .
But Mr Palmer said that only ministers could have a conflict of interest and said that Mr Abbott &apos;s girls were prepared to benefit personally from these policies .
&apos;It will have an important conflict of interest when it comes to paying for parental leave , because if one of its daughters is pregnant , it will have a direct interest in whether or not it gets leave &apos; , Mr Palmer has said .
Two months after his election , the Election Commission officially declared that Mr Palmer won the seat of Sunshine Coast de Fairfax by 53 votes after recount .
Mr Palmer has put forward the idea of a reshuffle of the remains remains to speed up the process .
The daughters of Tony Abbott , Brotherhood , and Bridget .
Should this election be decided two months after the vote is over ?
“ We need a better system , ” he said .
Why could we not have a system in which you can enter , take your details in a computer , vote immediately and have the result at 6.30 p.m. the following morning ?
Mr Palmer also criticised the use of paper crafts to mark the ballot papers .
Is it in order to be able to erase the result if someone does not agree ?
Today , having a piece of paper seems extraordinary .
The Election Commission has studied the options for electronic voting and recently published a joint reflection document with New Zealand .
Mr Palmer , 59 years , has said that his political project includes an international Sunshine Coast and that he will take on new functions &apos; very seriously &apos; .
The exercise of public functions is a matter of public service .
He added , &quot; We are not looking for reward , except for the reward for history , because we have to serve the community at a critical moment &apos; , he added .
A team of biologists led by the Wildlife Society of New York identified a new kind of dauphin to drink off the northern coast of Australia .
Thibaut Bréliux , who is responsible for a scientific mission to the Monitoring Centre for Conservation and the Eitality of Animals and Micro-Marine ( OEMMM ) , is for Express on this discovery and explains the long process of identifying new species .
Is you surprised by the discovery of this new type of dusphin dolphin ?
That is good news , but I am not particularly surprised by that .
If in the past , species have been described and identified on the basis of morphological , anatomical and geographic basis , the development of new tools , such as genetics , will enable us to improve our knowledge of species classification .
Moreover , it is not possible for these genetic and molecular biology to challenge the classification or membership of a species of one kind , a family , or even an order .
At the beginning of the nineteenth century , morphots ranked animals , based on morphological differences between species .
Today , some of these rankings are being called into question because of the progress of genetics .
In the same way , two very close morphotic species have been distinguished from genetics .
This is the case with the new species that has just been identified .
Ten years ago , the scientific community recognised two species belonging to this underfamily : dolphins in the Pacific and whales for the Atlantic .
The recent analyses have made it possible to distinguish four species .
Why is this an important discovery , as the Wildlife Society Society said ?
From a conservation point of view , it is essential to know these genetic differences , in order to protect the species and thus its genetic variability .
If this population were already known for a long time by researchers , they did not know that it was part of a new species , only there .
Therefore , if a massive mortality problem caused by a viral epidemic or accidental capture arises in the region , we could be dealing with the extinction of a species , rather than the local disappearance of a population of a larger species on earth .
This loss of genetic heritage would be much more problematic .
A species is considered to be threatened or endangered by the number of people on earth , that is to say , the stock , and the possibility that it can recover from neighbouring stocks .
With regard to the kind of Sousa horse mackerel , whose population of the new species of discovery has come out , its stock has automatically become weaker , making it more vulnerable .
Why is it rare to discover new species of marine mammals ?
Marine mammals are at the top of the food chain .
They live in homogenous , open habitats where there are many genetic exchanges between people and individuals .
This genetic brewage limits the creation of new species .
Conversely , more closed ecosystems favour genetic isolation , which may eventually lead to the creation of new species .
We must be aware that the marine environment is the least well known .
We prefer to send robots to Mars , than to know what is going on in the sea of the Mariannes , only 11 kilometres from the surface of the sea .
More money is spent on the search for life on other planets than on marine research , and it is high time that this changed .
Rail on the foreign-exchange market
Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended two trappers of its exchange market division according to two sources close to the file , showing once again that the regulators ’ global investigation into suspicions of currency market manipulation is beginning to bear fruit .
Some of the world ’ s largest banks , particularly UBS , Barclays , Deutsche Bank , and RBS , have confirmed that they cooperate with regulators in the world ’ s most important financial market investigations , where US $ 5.3 trillion is changing hand in hand .
Both traders are the first RBS employees to be suspended as part of the expansion of the investigation , which reflects the scandal of the interbank rate manipulation .
The bank , which refused to comment on suspensions , this month confirmed that it had received requests for information from the regulators .
&apos;The ongoing investigation on this matter and we cooperate fully with the FA and the other regulators &apos; , said a representative of the bank two weeks ago .
Last month , sources close to the dossier stated that RBS had transmitted emails and instantaneous messages , sent to and by a former trader , to the British regulator , the Financial Condut Authority .
This trader , Richard Ushaer , left RBS in 2010 and would have been suspended from the post of European cash trading office JPMorgan .
Roan Ramchandani , European cash trading responsible in Citi , has been fleave this week , while Bat Gardiner , the senior currency trader in Barclays and UBS , has been suspended by Standard Charty this week .
None of these traders have been charged with any charges .
Mr Ushaer &apos;s case included instant messages sent to and by bankers working in Barclays and Citigroup , added sources close to the dossier .
UBS explained this week that it had taken action against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator , Finma , said that he was investigating suspicions of currency manipulation in a number of Swiss banks .
In the world , at least six authorities – the European Commission , the Swiss , the Swiss Competition Authority Wko , the United States Department of Justice , and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority – look at the allegations of bankers who would have agreed to manipulate rates on the exchange market . .
HSBC , Citigroup , JPMorgan and Switzerland have also launched internal investigations or received requests for information from regulators , have indicated sources close to the dossier .
The banks are plaguing the instant messages and emails that have been sent for years to find cases of reprehensible acts .
The news about these investigations has shaken traders in a sector that has been one of the biggest growth drivers for investment banks in recent years , but which has been called into question this year because of the low volatility of the currencies that limit opportunities for speculators .
Some bankers have tried to play down the matter by saying that it is almost impossible to manipulate the vast liquid exchange market , but senior traders explain that this is not necessarily true .
A senior trader said that , despite the high volume of daily exchange transactions , the fragmentation of liquidity between trading platforms and the increasingly frequent use by banks of their own internal platforms &apos; explains that it is possible to start having an impact on the market . Little is the cost . &apos;
The news came on the very day that Crédit , Crédit Switzerland , announced that he had sent a trader to his office in the London Stock Exchange this week after the loss of $ 6 at the end of last year .
The bank quickly informed the competent authorities and cooperated with the regulators .
‘ We are convinced that the trader has acted alone and that the case has been brought under control ’ , a representative of Crédis Switzerland .
The investigation into Mayor Rob Ford has been botched and supports a lawyer .
After the police confirmed that they had put their hands on a copy of the video showing Rob Ford flowing from crick , Me Clayton Ruby supported no &quot; as botched &quot; investigation .
Me Ruby said that the police had &quot; ignored or played down &quot; elements of evidence against the mayor .
On Thursday , the police arrested Rob Ford &apos;s occasional friend and driver , Alexander Lisi , 35 years old , and accused him of extortion on the video .
Alexander Lisi , previously accused of drug trafficking , was in frequent contact with the mayor .
The police have said that they have also observed this man who issued parcels at Rob Ford , that there are new court documents .
Ruby has called the &apos; inexplicable &apos; the fact that the police have never searched Rob Ford &apos;s vehicle or his home , or are listening to his phone , arguing that the police chief Bill Blair has chosen not to act against the mayor .
According to the law , the police , having witnessed suspicious transactions in their own hands , could well have intercepted Rob Ford &apos;s vehicle , stopped the mayor , and carried out a raid - even without a mandate .
It could also have required an instant raid , if deemed necessary .
The police chief has not commented , but his spokesperson , Mark Pugas , has described the words of Me Ruby as &apos; obvious and hopeless attempt &apos; to be made to the media in a case that does not affect him in any way .
At the press conference on Thursday , Mr Blair said that there was nothing in this video that could be &apos; reasonable motives &apos; which could lead to a criminal charge against the mayor .
European Stock Exchange in the middle of the sitting except London
With the exception of London , Europe ’ s major stock markets are falling on Friday to mid-sitting , plagued by some disappointing new societies , while Wall-Street is expected to rise .
Moreover , investors remain cautious , because they believe that the US Federal Reserve could unravel its policy of quantitative easing earlier than expected .
Conversely , following the announcement of an inflation rate of 0.7 % for the euro area as a whole , the idea is spreading among the market players that the European Central Bank ( ECB ) could relax its monetary policy .
The future of Wall Street foreshadows an increase in US action , following two conspicuous retrenchment .
To the values , Renault ( -4.63 % ) recorded the largest withdrawal of CAC 40 , bemoaned by the outcome of its Nissan partner Friday partner .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( -6.26 % ) marks EuroFirst300 ’ s worst performance , having also published declining results this morning and announced the internal creation of a “ bad bank ” structure ( “ bad bank ” ) , bringing together $ 38 billion of the most riskier asset books . They are .
For its part , Vodafone ( + 2.45 % ) remains at the top of the EuroFirst300 increases in response to press reports that AT is studying a possible takeover bid .
On the foreign exchange market , speculation about the evolution of the ECB &apos;s monetary policy is going well , as John Hardy , a strategist at Saxo Bank , testifies .
The ECB ’ s unique mandate has always been inflation , so Mario Draghi and his team have more reason to act at next week ’ s meeting .
We are anticipating a great potential for a fall in the euro .
In this context , the euro is continuing to withdraw from the US currency and affected a lower sitting of two weeks to USD 1.3517 .
In contrast , the eurozone ’ s bond market is supporting the eurozone ’ s bond market .
Obama ’ s Health Reform Act
A great victory for the Obama administration : the US Supreme Court said today that Obama ’ s health-care reform law was constitutional .
By 5 votes to 4 , judges validated the individual mandate of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act – which requires citizens to sign up to health insurance by 2014 , otherwise they would have to pay a fine – and said that they were . Constitutional power on the basis of the government ’ s power of taxation .
The President of the Supreme Court , John Roberts , has joined the four most liberal members of the Court , while the Scalia , Thomas , Alito and Kennedy judges have expressed disagreement .
The Court also validated the other sections of the 2 700 pages and also considered that the provision of the law on the reform of the health system , which states that the eligibility threshold should be lowered to Medicaid , or that it will lose all the federal funding of the programme , was coercive in accordance with the A constitution .
The procedure to block the law has been initiated by 26 states and the National Federation of Independent Business .
All the leading Republican candidates in the presidential election in the course of 2012 , including Commissioner-designate Mitt Romney , vehemently opposed the law .
Remembering the former combatants in Menon
At the heart of the Trabuquet graveyard , civil , religious and military authorities , as well as many patriotic associations , made a tribute , this Friday afternoon , to the soldiers and the dead of all wars .
Mr Mayor , Mayor Jean-Claude Guibal and various personalities have tabled gerbes in two of the three military square areas of the cemetery .
Acting between Palestinians and Israelis on the Gaza border
Four Hamas fighters were killed and five Israeli soldiers were injured on Thursday 31 October 2013 in the evening in a violent way on the border between Gaza and Israel , the most serious incident in Palestinian territory for a year .
The only power plant in the Gaza Strip has ceased to operate on Friday 1 November after the depletion of its fuel stocks , has announced the Palestinian enclave authority .
A local commander of the Alzzediine al-Qassam Brigades , Khaled Abu Bakr , and another framework of the armed branch of Hamas , Rabieh Barikeh , were killed by a firing of shell shells during an incursion by the Israeli army into the In the south of the Gaza Strip , in the south of the Gaza Strip , according to local medical sources , it is in the south of the Gaza Strip .
Two other local officials in the Al-Qassam Brigades , Mohammed al-Qassas and Mohammed Daoud died when an Israeli helicopter opened fire in the same region .
Their bodies were discovered later .
According to Palestinian security sources , the four combatants were driving a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian enclave and Israel .
an attack on a tunnel melting by the Palestinians
According to the same sources and witnesses , an Israeli tank and a blunt bulldozer made an incursion by one hundred metres within the territory and then withdrawn .
The conflict has lasted half an hour , according to witnesses .
In a communiqué , a Hamas spokesman , Sami Abu Zouhri , paid tribute to the four &apos; heroes &apos; and said that Israeli soldiers had died in the confrontation .
Hamas congratulates the heroes of Al-Qassam who have fallen behind the territory during an incursion by Zionist occupiers to Khan Youf .
Several enemies were killed and injured during the operation .
&apos;Hamas ensures that Gaza will be a hell for the occupier &apos; , threatened the spokesman .
For its part , the Israeli army has indicated that the target of its operation was initially a section of a large tunnel digging into Israeli territory from the Palestinian enclave , discovered on 7 October , aimed , according to the army , to &apos; terrorist activities &apos; .
Hamas has claimed the use of tunnels to fight against Israel , stating that the aim was to abduct Israeli soldiers to exchange them against Palestinian prisoners .
The operation was intended to prevent future terrorist attacks using this tunnel , explained an Israeli military communiqué .
During the operation , Hamas unleashed an explosive attack on the forces of the Taohal ( the Israeli army ) and injured five soldiers .
Israel in northern Syria
&apos;This mission was imperative due to the risk of the use of the terrorist tunnel for attacks against Israeli civilians &apos; , as also indicated by the army spokesman Peter Lerner .
On the other hand , Israel struck an air base in north-west Syria , aimed at a shipment of missiles for the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah , reported the Al-Arabiya satellite station on Thursday 31 October .
An American official has confirmed an &apos; Israeli strike &apos; but has not given details of the target .
&apos;In the past , the targets have been missiles transferred to Hezbollah &apos; , and it has been added .
Those responsible for the Israeli Government refused to confirm any information about such an attack .
“ Exceptional sources ” that she has not named , the Saudi capital chain has indicated that “ the bombing has targeted a shipment of solar missiles that were intended for Hezbollah in Lebanon , ” with reference to the powerful Lebanese Shiite movement that is fighting the rebels alongside the Syrian forces .
Earlier , a Syrian NGO , the Syrian Monitoring Centre for Human Rights , reported several explosions that were heard on Wednesday in an air defence base in Sonar Jabé , near Latton , on the Syrian coast .
This organisation based on a network of activists and medical sources had not been able to identify the origin of the explosions .
On the black and white , Marie Chouinard , who is present to Danse Danse , his two new groups of groups : the first inspired by Henri Michax &apos;s poles and poems , the second invigorated by the famous solos of piano Gymnoperated . Let us look at it from the S &amp; D .
This is an evening that can see the whole of Chounard ’ s prism , art , and black boy .
A white screen is used as a wall of substance .
On the carpet , however white , in the vast area of the Theatlibelvie , is advanced and profile , an end as a line and drowned on black , a body .
On the screen , a Henri Michale ink is being planned .
The simple form of the body is taking shape .
And this form will be the whole thing : a mammoth physical imitation of designs .
The daughters , who are in black and white , only have their hands and face face , waiting on every side of the game , hurting when the next graph appears , incarningly , comes out .
The black and white game of Henri Michau is being played by solos , in a group in unison ( a large mass ) , in a large group of 12 solos , where each executes his sign .
We are thinking of the morning &apos; morning &apos; , where , in solo , Chouinard carried out a series of written tasks in cartels , which were set out in the front line .
This is the same principle , the PowerPoint version .
Here , music is strong , perish , and power stations .
Energy is high , the fast pace .
There will be a reduction in when Carol Prior will take refuge under the dance carpet , to give up , micro- in hand , without sobriety or restraint , a share of the poem of Michahale , monocde and monotone in the shouting , and will go on dancing .
And there is the music to go back , and the sequence to resume .
This is a long and energetic discharge , if it is possible , and ends up harnessing and engulfing .
Like the regularity of the visual rhythm , too .
There are some nice flashpoints - the creation of images has always been a force in Chouninard - as hair-splitting hair or black tissue that is lengthening the lines .
But the hormone approach is lacking in composition .
We have the impression that , instead of going to the Michelle work meeting , the chorache has imposed itself , with its teeth .
The result is that the bodies seem to be looking at the drawings .
The cocks of Michau , like forms of Gestalt , are opening up a broader and gigantic fantasy than dancing , more porous .
Only the end , in negative , with its dancing daughters minced by a poboopic light and white signs in a black theatre , touches the magic .
The public loved , the reception was warm .
The Gymnopaees , after the enact , are richer .
The scene is part of some grey , dancing , and piano is covered by tissue , like furniture in a neglected house .
In the piano , dwellers relied to play the game .
Their handouts in music , which are touchy , give real fragility .
On the scene , couples , in lofty dues , are very senseless , even eroded .
A group of people , small solos of transitions , hooks who move , choir , a writer is less binary .
Buffoons are appearing , so familiar from Chounard , wearing red noses , in lofty male parades .
The amours are carnasers , fun or players .
Gradual , laughter , and little cries about the archaic , ground-breaking pardon , and ludicrous bodies that are based .
But the room takes flight after salvation .
A clown is on the stage when the public leaves .
In this case , everything becomes permitted : the fourth wall falls , the world exploits are supervised , the cabin daughters , the spectators , are glossing up , smoking , bypassing , and playing codes of applause , drowning the sauce into a mess that has been appallingly calculated . It is still senseless .
Joy and madness transcend , and it is the art of Chounard , there to contaminate the public .
Google , Samsung and Huawei are being prosecuted for Norl patents
The group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents has begun an avalanche of legal proceedings on patents on mobile phones on Thursday , including Google , the company that it has set to the pole when the patent has been auctioned after the bankruptcy of the Nortel . .
Rockstar , the consortium that acquired the Nortel for 4.5 Md , filed a complaint against Samsung Electrics Co Ltd , HTC Corp , Huawei , and four other companies for patent infringement before the court of sitting The United States in Texas .
Rokstar is held jointly by Apple , Microsoft , Blackberry , Ericsson , and Sony .
Google is accused of violating seven patents .
Patents contain technologies that make it possible to advertise the Internet ’ s terms of research , have indicated the outcome of the trial , which is Google ’ s core job .
It was not possible to join the representatives of Samsung , Huawei , HTC and Rokstar .
Samsung , Huawei , and HTC make telephones operating under Google ’ s Android exploitation system , which produces fierce competition for Apple ’ s mobile products and Microsoft .
In 2011 , Google made an initial $ 900 bid for Nortel patents .
Google has increased its offer several times , finally proposing $ 4.4 Made .
Having lost the patent Norkstar patents , Google has subsequently acquired Motorola Mobily for a sum of $ 12.5 , a part based on Motorola ’ s patent library .
“ Although it failed in its attempt to acquire the patent at the auction , Google violated and continues to violate these patents , ” the outcome of the trial was reported .
Rockstar claims greater damage and interest against Google , because he claims that Google ’ s patent infringement is stubborn , according to the plaintiff .
Explosion of a house in Gesves : a defective water driver at the root of the explosion
The grandmother would have turned a cigarette into a gas leak .
The explosion of a housing in Gesves , which caused two serious injuries on Friday morning , a 52 year-old grandmother and his 5 year-old grandson , is due to a gas leak from a defective water heater , indicated on Friday evening the replacement of the King &apos;s prosecutor .
The expert who was sent on the spot by the Public Prosecutor ensures that the origin of the explosion is purely accidental .
The grandmother switched a cigarette when there was a gas leak and an accumulation of gas .
The vital prognosis of the two victims is still committed .
The grandmother was planned by the explosion and has been burned down .
The little boy , who was in his grandfather and his companion , was on his side and was burned more slightly .
&apos;The two victims were intubited and at length conditioned on the ground before being taken over to Liège , she was in helicopter , in ambulance &apos; , made the executioner José Pauland , descending on the scene .
The grandfather , the grandfather was on the floor at the time of the explosion .
He and the other side of the House have been able to return to the ground from the ground which remained intact , while the rear wall in the house was completely destroyed .
The grandfather and the tenant of the neighbouring house , which was weakened by the explosion , were relaxed by the President of the SPAC .
The fire brigades in Anne and Namur and the police of the Arches have intervened .
The civil protection of Catholics has stabilised both buildings .
Egypt calls on the first freely elected president to be oath .
Mohamed Morsi swore the inauguration , but it is unlikely that his day of triumph marks the end of the political conflict in Egypt .
The Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised the emergence of a “ new Egypt ” when he lent the office of investiture to the presidency , becoming the first freely elected president and successor in Hosni Mubarak who was driven out of power 16 months earlier .
During his inauguration in the High Constitutional Court , Mr Morsi also became the first freely elected Islamist president of the Arab world and Egypt ’ s fifth head of state since the monarchy ’ s overthrow of the monarchy 60 years ago .
He was oath to the Court ’ s 18 black judges , whose building on the border of the Nile was built to look like an Egyptian temple .
&apos;We aspire to a better tomorrow , a new Egypt and a second republic &apos; , said President Morsi during the solemn ceremony on public television .
“ Today , the Egyptian people have laid the foundations for a new life – absolute freedom , true democracy , and stability , ” explained Mr Morsi , a 60 year-old engineer trained in the US , from the Muslim Brotherhood , a fundamentalist group considered for more than 84 years since his formation as an illegal and hard-pressed organization . Successive governments .
Hundreds of soldiers and police officers kept the building when Mr Morsi arrived shortly after 11 hours , the local hour , followed by a small convoy .
Only a few hundred fans gathered before the Court to acclaim the new president , and , out of the Mubarak ’ s president of the Mubarak years , traffic was only briefly interrupted to allow his convoy to go to the very busy streets connecting the center-town city to the south .
In view of his uncharismatic “ rescue wheel ” of the Muslim Brotherhood , his personal prestige has strengthened dramatically since his victory and his speech on Friday , in which he tried to portray himself as the candidate not only of Islamists , but of all those who want to finish the work begun in the 2011 uprising against the President Mubarak .
“ Egypt today is a civilian , national , constitutional and modern state , ” declared Mohamed Morsi , in blue suits and red tie , to be addressed to the judges in the boardroom room in which he was sworn .
Later , Morsi went to Cairo University where he delivered his inauguration speech .
He was officially greeted by a military fanfare that played the national anthem when he was putting himself in the forefront .
The Marshal Hussein Tantaoui was present at the ceremony .
When he arrived , he was welcomed by the &apos; people and army , hand in hand ... &apos; engendered by thousands of people who were assembled in the great student of university .
Founded in 1908 and a previous stronghold of secular education , the university in Cairo later became a fiefdom of the Islamist students ’ groups in the 1970 ’ s .
Mr Morsi made a symbolic oath on Friday in Tahrir Square , where he left the uprising that ended Mubarak &apos;s authoritarian regime last year , and vowed to recover the presidential powers , whose military council , which replaced the former president , has deprived him of it .
But , by agreeing to send an official oath to the Court , rather than to Parliament as usual , he boils down to the army ’ s will to show that the struggle for power is not over .
Mr Morsi ’ s speech on Tahrir Square was accompanied by spectacular populist gestures .
Shutdown in the USA has slowed down the increase in the car market .
The closure for 16 days of the majority of federal administrations weighed on the growth of car sales in the United States in October , showing the figures published on Friday by the manufacturers , five of the six of which have achieved less than expectations .
The three major Detroit manufacturers are growing at double-digit levels in October 2012 , but only General Motors has done better .
Analysts anticipated , on average , 15.4 million sales at an annualized rate and corrected for seasonal variations , but the market grew at 15.3 million according to the estimates of Adam Jonas , the analyst of Morgan Stanley .
In a note to the bank &apos;s clients , it considers that this slight brake is primarily due to the &apos; government shutdown &apos; and its impact on the feeling of the consumer in the first half of the month .
GM has , however , made an increase of almost 16 % of its sales last month to 226 402 vehicles , compared to 211 563 expected by the consensus .
The group ’ s four brands saw their trade performance improve relative to October 2012 .
Ford , which continues to benefit , among other things , from the success of its pick-ups , has seen its sales increase by 14 % over a year to 191 985 vehicles , while the consensus expected 194 301 .
For its part , Chrysler , controlled by Fiat , announced an 11 % increase in its sales to 140 083 vehicles , compared to 143 536 expected .
Toyota and Nissan also have below consensus sales , despite a year of 8.8 % and 14.2 % respectively .
On the New York Stock Exchange , GM was 1.4 % to 16.35 GMT , while Ford yielded 1.1 % .
Renault Risk with Nissan warning
On Friday , Renault accuses the highest drop in the SBF 120 index in Paris after its Nissan Motor partner announced that he had reduced his net annual net profit forecast by almost 20 % .
Nissan , who had to carry out such a review , also announced a change of direction .
Several traders have reported that the Renault action was affected this morning by &apos; earning &apos; .
&apos;This is clearly the profit of Nissan &apos; , says a person responsible for the trading of an Paris broisian .
Within the framework of the Renault-Nissan alliance , Renault holds 43.4 % of the capital of Nissan and the Japanese manufacturer 15 % of French , according to data from the Nissan website .
Greece : Two dead in a shooting near a neo-Nazi local party .
Two people were killed and another was seriously injured on Friday evening by firing shots by two people who were on board a motorist who was in front of a local party of the Neonazi Dawn in the suburbs of Athens .
The police were not at present in a position to provide information about the identity of the victims and their possible political affiliations .
Some Greek media reports that Golden Dawn members had argued that the victims were their local guards .
The injured person was immediately hospitalised , according to the same source .
The police from the anti-terrorist service despatched on the central avenue of the Dutch-Iraqi suburb , where the incident took place and completed the neighborhood .
The incident comes a few weeks after the indictment of six Golden Members , including the leader and founder of the party , for participation in &apos; a criminal organisation &apos; as part of an offensive against this party launched after the death of an anti-fascist musician by one of its members .
Scott Brown ’ s Open Brown Calls
Scott Brown , the captain of Celtic Glasgow , has seen his appeal rejected and will be effectively suspended for the next two League matches of his club , against Ajax and AC Milan .
Expulse against Barça for a coup to Neymar , the Scottish environment has seen its suspension extended to three meetings by UEFA .
In a communiqué , his club was said to be &apos; very disappointed &apos; , believing that his appeal was entirely justified .
Nearly 50 000 households are deprived of electricity throughout the province , shortly after Friday , due to the violent winds in many regions along the River Saint Laurent .
The most affected sectors are Laurenentides with 15 042 subscribers in black and white , Monteregulated with 13 464 and the Outaouis with 8642 .
The large region of Montreal also has a series of panels with almost 7,000 private households in the metropolis and Laval .
Do you think that travel agencies belong to the past as a result of the Internet ?
Fresh the Centre seems to be reversing the trend .
Society has increased its net profit forecasts and hopes for record results thanks to the holidaymakers in Australia and the United Kingdom .
The travel agency is now expected to make an underlying benefit of the $ 325 , $ 340 , $ 340 pre-tax exercise , against a previous $ 305 to $ 315 .
If current forecasts are met , it will account for 12 to 17 % of growth compared to the record of $ 290.4 M in 2011 .
The Director-General , Graham Turner , said that Flight Centre had made 8 % of its profits in the first half of the year and that the second half had started in force , particularly as regards travel other than business trips in Australia and the United Kingdom .
&apos;Since the beginning of the year , the 10 countries in which we are present are profitable , and several of them are well on the way to achieving record results on the whole exercise before interest and tax is deducted &apos; , he said .
This applies to Australia and the United Kingdom , which are usually the countries that generate the biggest profits .
In Australia , the recreation sector rekindled in the second half of the year , thereby compensating for a light-touch home market market .
Similarly in the United Kingdom , the Flight Center Centre has achieved good results , while business customers have spent less .
Its subsidiary in the United States has recovered its losses in the first half of the year , where seasonal demand is lower and should derive benefit from the entire exercise for the third consecutive time .
The Flight Centre ’ s actions increased by 3 cents to $ 38.20 yesterday .
Knowledge of Cairo ’ s pyramids
Unknown hooks opened the fire this Friday on a hotel near the Cairo pyramid in Egypt without any casualties as a result of an apparent quarrel with workers made redundant .
The attackers fled , set out the spokesman for the Interior Ministry , police General Abdel Latif .
This attack comes at a time when Egypt is receiving virtually no tourist from the army since the army deposed Islamist President Mohamed Morsi in early July and bloodily repressions the protests of his followers .
Schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics , spelling , and grammar .
In English literature courses , pupils will have to study at least one part of Shakespeare , a nineteenth-century novel , a romantic poem and a contemporary British fiction of fiction of 1914 .
The review will also present ‘ new texts ’ to encourage a more diverse reading .
A course that combines English with English will be abolished .
From 2015 , pupils will have to switch to an independent GCA , and will be strongly encouraged to choose a separate qualification in English literature .
The Ministry of Education must publish its new programmes of English and meahs tomorrow – the first areas to be subjected to radical revision .
It will make changes in other fundamental matters next year .
On the other hand , Ofter , the regulatory bureau , will unveil a reshuffle of the CCS structure , with a new system of rating and lower prices .
Speaking during the summer , Michael Gove , Minister for Education , said that there was a “ broad consensus on the need to reform our system of examinations to restore public confidence , ” insisting that CCS would be “ more stimulative , more ambitious , and more rigorous . ” .
Studies show that in English schools less time is spent ( 116 hours a year , or 3 hours a week in the school year ) than most other countries .
By contrast , Australia ’ s schools offer , on average , 143 hours per year , and Singapore ’ s students make around 138 hours .
Although there is no formal obligation to devote more hours of time to meaths , sources close to the coalition government have indicated that the GCESC ’ s deeper GCSE – as well as the greater importance given to the materials in international rankings – would likely encourage schools to make more of them . There is a time .
The program will focus more on “ real world problems , ” including financial mathematics .
This judgment means that a piece of legislation adopted in July in that state and largely calling into question the right to abortion will be able to enter into force .
octogenaire host children with a gun to the My for Hallaween
Minors aged between 9 and 13 were wearing back in order to call for sweets in the evening of Hallween .
One of the residents of the Muy visited by the children has opened the door by holding his hunt .
The 86-year-old old man explained to the police that he was afraid of .
Its weapon has been seized .
The former Gestapo leader in a Jewish graveyard
Müller , who disappeared at the end of the Second World War without finding his trace , in fact was buried in a common grave of a Jewish cemetery in Berlin , asserting the leader of the German Resistance Memorial , Professor Johannes Tuchel , in B. Absolutely not .
Müller did not survive the end of the war .
&quot; His body was buried in 1945 in a common graveyard of Berlin-Mitte ’ s Jewish cemetery &quot; , he provided a daily newspaper with documents based on archives .
This revelation , 68 years after the end of the Nazi regime of Adolf Hitler , would be one of the great conundrum of the day after war .
The German secret service , the NBD , and during the summer of 1949 , Müller was in Karlovy Vary , then in Czechoslovakia , according to a document obtained by Bild .
The secret services were totally wrong .
&apos;As early as August 1945 , the body of Müller was found in a temporary grave near the former ministry of the Reich of the Reich by a commander &apos; , according to Mr Tuuchel .
It was &apos; a general uniform &apos; .
&apos;In the internal left-wing pocket , among other things , there were states of service with a photo &apos; , he went on .
Bild also publishes a document from the maiden district of the Mitte district in Berlin indicating that he was buried in the Jewish cemetery in the neighborhood .
The President of the Federal Council of Jews in Germany , Dieter Graumann , declared himself shocked by this revelation .
Whether one of the most brutal Nazi sadists is buried in a Jewish graveyard , it is an enormity .
&apos;There is a mockery of the memory of the victims &apos; , and he has protested in the newspaper .
Heinrich Müller is one of the important personalities of the Third Reich , who have never been caught .
He participated in the Wannsee Conference in January 1942 , which decided on the &apos; final solution &apos; and , in particular , at Adolf Eichmann , who was responsible for the &apos; logistics &apos; of the extermination of Jews , sentenced to death and executed in Israel in 1962 .
Pamela Anderson cut out his emblematic blonings and takes a spectacular haircut .
Pamela Jobs have become famous thanks to his role in the Sexy Alerte television series to Milibu .
Pamela Anderson was the last celebrity to shock his fans with a spectacular new hairdressing .
The former juice of Alerte from Alerte to Masbu has left its long hair bite against a bounce of hot air .
The 46-year-old actress unveiled his new look while walking in L.A. Wednesday and shared a photo on his Twitter page .
It is the first time in 20 years that lovely blonde has been blown off the hair , and we are a fan of discreet change .
What do you think about Pammy &apos;s hairdresser ?
Tell us what you think in your comments .
It works in the mud , in the jungle and in rivers to offer free medical assistance .
Dr. Georges Brawle provides free health care in Cameroon villages .
Dr Bwle and his team spend almost all their weekend on hundreds of patients .
There are not many doctors in this West African country , only 1 for 5 000 inhabitants .
Vote here or through your mobile apparatus
Dr Georges Bwle is one of the 10 Héos CNN of 2013 .
You can vote for him , or one of the 10 other heroes , to elect him &apos; Héos CNN of the year &apos; .
This person will receive $ 250,000 to continue his extraordinary work .
For 21 years , Georges Bwle looked at his sick father , alternating awareness and recklessness , and travelling to hospitals that were not equipped to help him .
James Bwle was injured in a car accident in 1981 near Yaoundé , the capital of Cameroon .
At the beginning , he had only a broken arm , but he contracted an infection that spread to his brain , creating a haemorrhage of which he was going to carry the rest of his life .
&apos;There was no neurosurgeon in Cameroon &apos; , said Georges Bwle .
We would have taken it abroad if we had had enough money .
Instead , Dr Bwale spent years supporting his father in clinics and crowded hospitals , so that he could obtain any treatment he could have .
“ It is not easy , ” adding Mr Bwle .
You can leave the house at 5 p.m. , go to hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
There are many patients .
People can die because they are waiting for too long .
The situation has not changed much since the death of Dr Bwle &apos;s father in 2002 .
In Cameroon , there are only one doctor for 5 000 inhabitants , according to the World Health Organisation .
By way of comparison , the ratio in the United States is 1 doctor for 413 inhabitants .
Even if they could see a doctor , many Cameroon would not be able to pay for the consultation .
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and almost three quarters of the country ’ s health spending is carried out in the private sector .
“ The only problem they have is poverty , ” he explained Dr Bwle .
And because of poverty , they cannot take advantage of life .
After having seen his father and so many of his compatriots suffering , Dr Bwle was determined to try to change the course .
Dr. Georges Bwle and his voluntary team practiced more than 700 surgical acts in the course of the last year .
He became a doctor himself , working as a vascular surgeon at the central hospital in Yaoundé .
And he created a non-profit humanitarian association , ASCOVME , which goes to rural areas at weekends to provide free health care .
Since 2008 , he and his voluntary group have helped almost 32 000 people .
Almost every Friday , with 30 people , they pour into fodder after having laid down medical equipment on the roof and going through difficult areas to travel to the villages most in need of help .
This is not always the case .
They have often had to push the vehicles to cross rivers or windows .
But when they arrive , they are received as heroes : the community is holding a festival , singing and dancing , and offering them the best housing available .
In these villages , free health care is a good reason to celebrate , and Dr Bwle – with his great smile and his smile – is more than happy to join the celebrations .
The next morning , the team is beginning to receive hundreds of patients .
&apos;We get 500 people on every visit &apos; , Mr Bwle said .
They sometimes live at 60 km of the village , and they are on foot .
In this travelling hospital , various health care is being provided .
Many people receive treatment against malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases .
Others can receive crutches , a pair of glasses collected or a free birth certificate – a document needed to go to school , but many poor families simply cannot afford to buy it .
Tonight , the practical team of simple surgical acts in local anesthesia .
The operations are usually carried out in a school , a maiden or a house ; after intervention , the patient stands up and travels to the reawakening room to leave his place to the next person .
Thanks to the light of the electrogen group , the operation room and the sterilization of the equipment , Dr Bwale and his volunteers work until the first hours of the Sunday morning .
This is an eye-opener , but the villages of the villages generally help the team to remain motivated .
‘ They are knocking on drums all night to keep us awake so that we can continue to work ’ , Mr Bwle .
On Sunday the team returned , tired but proud of the work it has done .
The group , made up of doctors and medical students , carried out 700 of the surgical acts free of charge last year , and knows that their presence can make a difference to those who help them .
A man explained that the free operation he had had to treat a hernia would allow him to work again .
‘ This will change my future and that of my family ’ , has declared man .
In addition to having this travelling hospital and working as a surgeon in the hospital , Dr Bwle is also working the night in private surgeries around Yaoundé .
It is this second job , he is explaining , which is funding 60 % of his or her association ; the rest is covered by private donations .
“ I don ’ t know when he is sleeping , ” the second year of the second year of Drexel University in Philadelphia , Philadelphia .
He is still in the hospital or is trying to find money for his association in order to be able to carry out these campaigns .
For medical students and nursing students like the United States and the United States , who come from the United States and Europe to join Mr Bwle in his missions , it is an opportunity for learning on the ground that they do not have at home .
&quot; We were able to take part in operations to help the blood of the blood or to pass the instruments to Dr. Bwle , &quot; explained Miss O &apos;Malley .
It is not something that you have the opportunity to do in America when you are studying in medicine second year .
Voluntary students generally pay their journey to Cameroon and often arrive with medical equipment collected .
But , once in Yaoundé , his pension , transport , and education are borne by Doctor Bwelle .
&apos;He is a hero , there is no doubt &apos; , he said , Kais O &apos;Malley .
He gives his life for this association , and his desire to help the people of Cameroon is not close to extinction .
For Dr Bwle , the relatively constant workload is not a problem .
Helping others to live happy with the promise he made to his father is something that gives him a great deal of joy .
&apos;I am so happy when I do this work &apos; , added Mr Bwle .
I am thinking of my father .
I hope he sees what I am doing .
To make people laugh and alleviate the pain are the reasons why I have to do that .
Stop the SACOVIE site to see how you can help .
The two France of Pierre Nora
As a result , academics have long struggled to define and place Pierre Nora .
Professor in the amptheatres and the classrooms ?
Undoubtedly , but by emphasizing his poor travel on the roads , Sciences-Po , the Eutdes Highers .
Around the works of others in his office in the Gastton-Gallimard street ?
In fact , but by ignoring the hidden work of the publisher of the publisher .
In the French Academy , who was occupying the Academy ?
Of course , but in the knowledge that such a sacrosanct cannot be a substitute for real holy oil , that of the theory , that has happened .
They were happy to admit to him a great waver , animator and unifying of their work , but by pointing out that he was unwilling to produce it himself .
To this uncertain picture , the monument of the &apos; Lives of Remembrance &apos; , to which he attached his name , also contributed .
The bad guys have been able to see a huge market for chips , presented by an intelligent commentator , with a glimpse of the eye and of the erudition , but inadvertently diluted .
The two works published by Nora soon two years ago have already established that the one that was to not write had a lot and written written .
The book that is here should bring it to justice once and for all .
Yet again , there is the temptation , once again , of ubiquity , intellectual agony , and jubilation as attached to one issue .
But it is easy to understand that the disparate objects gathered in this book , in such a beautiful title , bring the banner with one and the same passion : that of discovering the nourishment of French identity .
Why these tragic calls to national unity ?
Identisuffered : that is a matter of concern .
Not long ago , we were collectively invited to give a definition .
But in the peremptory spirit of our then leaders , French identity was an intimacy .
It was only by deploying accidents , and the case , Jacobinism obliges , was entrusted to the prefects and subprets , who are authorised interpreters .
The one that Pierre Nora is trumpeting is quite different .
It does not have to be a descendant of eternal franchise , but it does not want to be defined .
Analyst who is worried about a family stranglehold , he wins in a forest of symbols , arrested each step by an object in the form of a bus , tormented by irritating questions .
Does this mean that it is born of the company itself : why is it that , in a country that has so long been established on its borders , which was once again on its borders , which was formerly the chartered and solidly entrenched country , these calls for unity are called for ?
They are so pressing , suggested by Pierre Nora , than to prevent the disturbance of the discord in French history .
Francs and Gaulaws , Armagnacs and Bourguignons , Catholics and Protestants : the forces of division here are very old .
And the most emblematic of these is , of course , the one in two of national history .
From the earthquake to the revolution , the French have two histories and they have two nations , a monarchic , the other revolutionary .
The second wanted the death of the first , but did not manage to deny it ; in fact , it was anxious to return to the sacrosanct and all the more vivid of unity and indivisibility that it had cut off to the person who was the obvious and powerful embodiment of it .
And , from this point of view , an invincibly binary nation , shared between left and right , secularism and Catholicism , the adoration and hatred of the revolution .
In order to make the uniqueness of French identity felt , nothing is worth four steps outside of the Hexaggerone , so Pierre Nora &apos;s stagger may well be the core of his book .
Because America and France have a revolution , drawn up a declaration of rights , wanted to build a new society .
But the American banner only serves better to underline what is of our own .
There , men who left their Ancien Régime in England and no longer had to worry about it .
Here , overcrowded men from an ancient indigenous region , and all the more radical .
There is a consensual revolution when it has sown the drama and jumped it .
Here , the founding fathers who are always honoured , and here the revolutionary ancestors whose models you are not able to do , and who have been the centrepiece , have been killed .
This is an institutional constancy , a cascade of constitutions , as well as errors to be made up and running .
France \ u0027s Model France
Yet there was a time when the French thought that they could recoup their history ’ s teeth , and defeat the curse of two .
To this IIIth Republic , the central and creative moment , Pierre Nora showed a lot of interest and even tenderness : saluting those who then used to repair the revolutionary divide , teaching schoolchildren everything that in the former France was going to prepare for modern France and offer them . A unified version of their history .
But this pacific identity has had only a time .
This is again in the debate , driven by a new type of immigration , which is threatened by the increase in the use of resold minorities , which are absorbed in the European area .
The book thus offers both the fascinating portrayal of France , and France ’ s cautious sketch .
With , as a premium , the portrait of the historian , who should reserve some surprises .
It is discovered that the shirt was a cap .
The man of multiple cuosities looked , slightly obscured , around the same idea .
The role of readers was at the centre of the centre .
And the person who , more than half a century ago , had a subject on the idea of the nation , but escaped from the initial exercise of the theory , entrusts us , and kicks him , to the idea that he will have done so .
Of course , less reasoned , more broken , and more subtle form .
But let us not deceive ourselves , as binding .
Because much more than the figure imposed by the university curriculum , this is the internal necessity of a life .
A former hostage in Lebanon : &apos; The return is quite complex to manage &apos; .
The journalist , in Beirut , on 8 March 1986 , with three members of his &apos; Antenne 2 &apos; team filming a demonstration by Hizbollah , the journalist Jean-Louis Normandin was released almost 21 months later , on 27 November 1987 .
ReTreaty since 2008 , in 2004 , took part in the creation of the Association for the Defence of the hostages , which he has been chairing for several years .
Its main objective is to obtain the opportunity for hostages to complain and to bring their hosts of hostages before the International Criminal Court .
Dextended over 1 000 days , the four hostages in Aqmi ( Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ) Daniel Larrebe , Thierry Dol , Pierre Lelarge and Marc Féret were released on Tuesday .
After medical examinations in the military hospital on the Val--on Wednesday afternoon , they have been able , since then , to return to their families .
And , gradually , try to return to the course of their lives .
&apos;The New Observer &apos; questioned Jean-Louis Normandin , 62 , a pensioner , who has been retired since 2008 , the Chairman of the World Trade Organisation .
As long ago as the evening of your release , you were on the &apos; Antenne 2 &apos; plateau .
What are your memories today of your release ?
In the case of Beirut , in particular .
When I was released , I find myself in the coffin of a car in which I meet - without seeing it because it is black - Roger Auque .
It tells me &apos; you are released &apos; , but I am not sure , and tell me that we can still be killed .
We are very excited , but very tense as well .
It is war , and those who drive us are also very strained .
They are putting us on the edge of a pavements .
There are Syrian soldiers .
Then we come to the site of the Summerland hotel where the press is present .
The French are bringing us to the French Embassy .
It is time for parents , family , friends , press ...
I remember taking a bath for an hour .
And have dinner in the T-shirt at the French Embassy .
I also remember a short night discussing with Roger and Marchiani .
The tension is still there , because we do not have the means to evacuate us to Larnaca airport in Cyprus .
Around there in helicopter , you are taking a private plane that brings us back to France via Corfu and Solrenzara , where Pasqua is .
How did you arrive on French soil ?
We are moving to Orly .
Chirac , Prime Minister , is there .
That is a bit blunt .
There is an incredible swap .
And there is a lot of media .
When I left , there were three television channels .
I come back and there is full .
The descent into the airliner , the reunion with my son and my parents , my friends , all of this is extremely emotional .
Between the airport and my home , many motorcycles are following our car that Rcush leads .
The movers are shooting up to take photographs and following my home where I have to do a bit of the police to prevent some of them from rising .
The media pressure is enormous .
It does not stop , we are well placed to know ...
But the state of emotion and fatigue is such that it is difficult to see it .
We are getting out of a hole and we are suddenly in the middle of the media fires .
It is a bit complicated , a bit violent , rather complex to manage .
But the hardest thing has been done .
On the same day , I am at 20., the next day I am on the television as well .
Then there is a kind of re-adjustment to life , very slowly , for one or two months , which are a little like a holiday .
What has happened to medical examinations and to the DGSE debriefing ?
I had the first medical control in Corsica .
The rest was done in the Val-de-working in the days following my return : radios , all kinds of examinations and a psychiatrist .
It is not a sitting that does everything , but we know that we can count on him , to remind him if need be , that we are not left to ourselves .
That is part of the procedure .
I also met the intelligence services .
They asked me questions about the hostage-takers .
That was logical .
I did not embarrass me .
How do you respond today to the release of the four hostages in Niger ?
I listen to what is being said .
The debate on them , among other things , is being held .
Some things have annoyed me , others less .
I am trying to play a part between the questions on my past as a hostage and the chair of the Chair of the World Trade Organization , which allows me to put a stop to this , and I think it is much more interesting to deal with it .
I wonder , for example , about the definition of resilience .
Above all , I am fighting with others to recognise the legal status of the hostage .
In my opinion , there is a problem of semantics .
We must call hostage hostages to take hostages , which is most often the case , and allow the hostages to have access to justice , to lodge a complaint and to bring their hosts of hostages before the International Criminal Court .
Today , once again , everyone is in sympathy , emotion and welcome the release of these hostages .
But who says that these hostages might also have access to justice ?
A court in The Hague is done for that .
Why do we not say to the hostage-takers &apos; you have flouted the rules of the war , like those of all the Geneva Conventions , we are going to bring you to justice &apos; ?
It seems to me , however , that it is justified , legitimate and striking in terms of common sense .
This message is heard , but not listened to , and I am shocked .
That is my main fight .
Egyptian Islamists on the streets to denounce Morsi ’ s trial
There is growing anger among Egypt ’ s Islamists .
Two days before the trial of the deposed President Mohamed Morsi , they took to the streets .
A mobilization of the country ’ s first democratically elected president is being mobilized throughout Egypt .
This is not a trial that highlights this Muslim Brotherhood activist .
So far , no lawyer has been able to meet him and no volunteer has been able to take a copy of the documents .
This is not a trial , it is a farce .
President Morsi ’ s trial is a false trial for a pro-Morsi trial , and he is supposed to try Sisi , not the opposite .
Morsi must judge Sisi for the massacres in Rabaa , the Nahda massacres , and the massacre of the Republican Guard .
Sisi is a liar and a traitor .
There have been clashes in Alexandria , the police have used tear gas , 60 demonstrators have been arrested .
On Monday , 20 000 police officers will be deployed before the Cairo Police Academy , where the Mohamed Morsi will be judged .
Hagel blaming nine American states for violating homosexual rights
Since the federal state has recognised homosexual marriage , &apos; all spouses have a right to an identity card in the Department of Defense and to the benefits that come with &apos; , reminded the Minister in New York in a speech in front of the Anti-Defamation League for the fight against anti-Semitism .
&apos;But some Member States refuse to issue these cards to same-sex spouses in the National Guard &apos;s facilities &apos; , he has denounced , blaming these states for violating federal law and the principle of equality .
Without these cards , these people cannot benefit from the many social or health services provided in these bases or access to their shops .
The Secretary of Defense said that he ordered the head of the National Guard , General Frank Grass , to ensure that federal law was implemented .
The nine-state front began by the Texas , which refuses to implement these benefits on the settlements of the Texas National Guard , due to a conflict between the text law and the federal law on homosexual marriage .
He was joined in his refusal by Indiana , Georgia , Florida , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , South Caroline , and Western Virginia , according to a senior defense officer .
The Pentagon estimates the people affected by the recognition of same-sex marriage to around 5600 people , 17 000 by including the National Guard , the reserve and pensioners .
Sixth edition of Plaly Skateboard on Saturday in Hyres
The sixth edition of Plaly Skateboard is taking place on Saturday 2 November at the skate in Hyres .
Organized by the Bramp Association of Bump , competition should bring together the best sktors in the region .
The enrollment is taking place on Saturday morning from 9 a.m. and the qualification stages will begin in the process at 10 o &apos;clock before the final date at 3 p.m. and the award of the price at 4 p.m.
The public will be able to admire the technical prowess of young people who , for some , are already going to the highest competitions at the highest level , like the young Catholic prodigiate Lorrenzo Pluumbo .
In just 10 years , he has already taken his place for the European championships in Copenhagen , and he does not like anything until they go to competitors who exceed three heads .
Toronto , the mayor of Toronto , has been asking him about drugs on a drug issue .
In Canada , the Mayor of Toronto is suspected of drowning , according to several media .
A video on justice seems to support these suspicions .
The person concerned , Rob Ford , has always denied that he has consumed a penny , while recognising a penchant for cannabis .
On Thursday , he ousted several journalists from his property .
We also believe that sometimes the images do not need an explanation or comment .
There is a case of rabies in a cat in the Val-d &apos;Estaing .
The authorities announced on Thursday 31 October that a case of rabies had been detected in a saton of the Val-d &apos;Oises , obviously of foreign origin , while France has been free of indigenous cases since 2001 .
The chatter was found on 25 October in Argeneuil and died on 28 October .
The diagnosis of rabies was confirmed by the Pasteur Institute .
&apos;An epidemiological investigation has been undertaken to identify and take care of those who could have come into contact with this chair between 8 October and , on 28 October , including , including , the ministries of health and agriculture .
&apos;Five people who have been in contact with the katon have already been identified &apos; and received preventive treatment .
&apos;Challenges man , the preventive treatment of human rabies , administered after contact with the animal , but before the symptoms appear , is very effective &apos; , says the communiqué .
The ministries are now calling for people who would have been killed , gripped , wiped out , or dashed on a mould or a skin affected by that chatter , or whose animal would have been in contact with that chatter between 8 and 28 October to contact the 08.11 . 00.06.95 between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. from 1 November .
According to the communiqué , &apos; France has been free of rabies since 2001 , this chatus or the mother were imported from another country &apos; , not unscathed .
The Ministry of Agriculture states that the latest &apos; indigenous &apos; rabies &apos; case dates back to December 1998 on a fox and that &apos; France is declared unscathed in November 2001 by the International Office for Animal Health ( OIE ) &apos; .
There was a case of rabies on an illegally imported Chile from Gambia in 2008 .
&apos;The rabies is a deadly disease if it is not dealt with in time &apos; , reminiscent of ministries and it is transmissible for almost 15 days before the first symptoms of the disease appear .
Obama ’ s Global Health Reform
Under an avalanche of criticism , President Obama returned yesterday on his unambiguous and often repeated promise that ‘ if you are satisfied with your health regime , you can keep it ’ .
After hundreds of thousands of people have received restitution opinions from their providers , the Republicans have criticised the President in the last few days , accusing him of deceiving the American people .
Yesterday , Barack Obama adjusted his original promise .
“ The vast majority of people with a good health insurance can keep it , ” he said in a speech in Boston .
Talking about what he calls “ a current state of affairs ” about the resilience , President Obama has encouraged the Americans to seek new insurance on the market .
Most people will be able to obtain full and better adapted health systems for the same price , even less so than expected .
“ You will win , ” he said .
The Administration announced that it should not be surprising if the 5 % of the population who themselves contract their insurance were forced to change their regime because their coverage does not meet the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act .
&apos;Let me address these Americans directly : you deserve better &apos; , said Kathleen Sebed in his testimony to the Committee on Energy and Trade in Washington .
Mrs Sebelius , who oversaw the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , indicated that the launch in October of the online market had failed “ lamentably . ”
&apos;I am as frustrated and irritated as anyone &apos; , she added .
I look forward to regaining your confidence .
It is an exasperated Kathleen Sebelius who gave this sentence , when she believed his microphone cut , addressing an assistant behind it at yesterday &apos;s sitting , following a contentious exchange of views with Billly Long , The Republican Party of Missouri is about whether it should adhere to Obamacare .
For more than three hours , Billly Long has repeatedly asked Mrs Sebelius why the &apos; architect &apos; of the Affordable Care Act did not voluntarily relinquish insurance sponsored by the government to sign a regime through HealthCarCar.gov than it did . Now it is about millions of Americans .
Choice in Abu Dhabi
The happy job elected , Jke Victe Prekop , combined the colours of the car brand and the German flag , while incorporating the notions of speed and heat in the runway .
Sbastian Vettel , a Formula 1 world champion in Formula 1 , has eased a special cap of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi on Friday , whose design was carried out by a Mexican fan of 21 years .
In the context of a competition launched by one of the sponsors , a car brand , a stable , one of 1500 cartoons from all over the world was chosen .
He was invited to follow the GP of Abu Dhabi , with a friend , and can therefore look closely at the German champion , the runway and his sang .
It was intended to wear this cake on Friday and Saturday , to carry out tests .
It is likely that he will have another special cake on Sunday , for the race , to mark his 4th consecutive global title .
A constituent of Aubervilo launched his Party of the suburbs
Let us not deceive ourselves .
In the spirit of Abdel-Malik Djermine , his founder , the &quot; suburbs &quot; Party , is not just directed at the banlieards .
I have chosen a French card as a logo .
When I speak of suburbs , I am addressing all those who are excluded from the great national family .
However , his draft , presented to the press conference in his native of Aubervilo , was born out of the desire to defend multiculturalism better , this great cultural pot , which is characterised above all by the districts .
My proposal No 1 is to set up a ministry for multiculturalism , he says .
Abdel-Malik Djermin , 50 years of territorial attachment , is now claiming to be &quot; 100 % apolitical &quot; even if he has not always been neutral .
He then , together with Jean-Pierre Cheveli in 2002 , subsequently supported locally Dominique de Villepin between 2010 and 2011 .
I am well aware that the equality values I advocate in my programme are linked to the left , but if the right-wing people are prepared to support me , I will also listen to them .
There are only extremist parties that I am not talking about .
In addition to multiculturalism , Abdel-Malik Djermine built his programme -consultable on Internet- from many themes that are supposed to speak to the suburbs and especially to young people : the right to vote for foreigners , the legalisation of cannabis , the civilian majority at 16 years . , the rehabilitation of the function of building the Building Guards ...
There is still a need for candidates to form lists and to defend his ideas on the political scene , &apos; .For the 2014 municipal elections , which may be fair , he would recognise &apos; .
It is a problem of time and money .
The party in the suburbs should still be represented in Aubervita through my candidacy and I also hope in other cities .
Abdel-Malik Djermine already has seven heads of list in metropolitan France and Martinique .
&apos;And the support that I have received since yesterday does not come from all suburbs &apos; &apos; is welcome .
John Kerry , unprecedented , admitted that American spying “ went too far . ”
John Kerry has pointed to the United States &apos; defensive attitude towards its surveillance programmes by admitting , unprecedented , that on several occasions spying has gone too far in the wrong way .
The Secretary of State also admitted that he had , like Barack Obama , ruled on “ automatic pilot ” when a series of inflammatory revelations of the whistle-blowers Edward Snowden on the NSA spying activities came into being .
The leaks put the US government at the center of a diplomatic storm with its allies .
Speaking at an intergovernmental conference in London by video link , Mr Kerry said : &apos; It is undeniable that the President , myself and other members of the government have taken note of certain things as an automatic pilot because we were able , as early as the Second World War and then to the difficult years of the Cold War , and then well , then well . Of course , September 11 .
He then became the first senior member of the United States Government to admit that American espionage had overrun , but insisted that the rights of everyone had not been violated .
He said : “ In some cases , it has gone too far . ”
And the President is determined to try to clarify and make it clear to the people that he is now carrying out an in-depth review of these practices so that no one feels deceived .
I assure you that innocent people will not be abused as part of this process .
Mr Kerry has insisted , however , that the NSA was a force acting for the good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives .
He added : “ We live in a new world where people are ready to blow themselves up . ”
There is radical extremism in the world that is determined to try to kill people , to blow them up and to attack governments .
And if you could intercept their communications and stop them before they act ?
We have indeed prevented aircraft from falling , buildings to explode and people to be murdered because we have been able to read the facts in advance .
Meanwhile , US legislators will travel to Europe to address the concerns about alleged American spying and to convince Europeans of the need to continue joint efforts to combat terrorism with the US , explained to the president of the Senate subcommittee on European affairs on Thursday .
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut indicated that he had spoken to the Members of the European Parliament and others this week and that he was concerned about the threats they had made regarding the possible withdrawal of anti-terrorist organisations because of the feeling of frustration generated by the supervision of the National Security Council . Agency .
&apos;It is really important for the protection of national security in the United States that Europeans stay alongside us in mutual commitment in the fight against terrorism &apos; , said Murphy , a democrat serving his first term , and Chairman of the European Senate &apos;s Subcommittee on European Senate , during an interview since Washington .
And I will go to Europe to make them understand that we must continue to work together to combat terrorism , despite the anger caused by the NSA programmes .
The press reports that the NSA captured millions of communications in Europe , which has damaged relations with some allies in the United States , but the agency &apos;s director said this week that this was not true and that it was a misunderstanding , as it was a question of metadata that NATO allies had collected and Together with the United States .
Other revelations have reported Snowden documents that the NSA had intercepted data and communications from the mobile phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 34 other heads of state .
The Director of the Intelligence Service , James Capper , has justified spying on allies by indicating that it was necessary and that it was common practice on both sides .
In this turbulent atmosphere , Murphy indicated that his office was organising a congress trip , which should take place this year , and that he hoped that the delegation would include members of both parties and the two chambers .
The names of other participating legislators should be unveiled in the coming days .
He pointed out that the route remains to be defined .
Murphy said that the aim of this journey was to improve relations , but also to show &apos; affectionate firmness &apos; .
He explained that European Heads of State should be honest with their citizens about the type of espionage programmes that they have been applying themselves for years .
‘ We can change our monitoring programmes in order to better protect the rights of Europeans , but they must also understand that we are not the only ones in the world to engage in espionage ’ , they have said Murphy .
In the meantime , Kerry has planned to visit the Middle East and Poland this weekend to manage the resentment of US strategies in Syria , Egypt , and Iran , as well as the US surveillance activities .
The London Stock Exchange closed down on Thursday , plagued by Shell ’ s poor performance and following an announcement by the Fed to keep it in support of the economy , as planned .
An Australian sentence on his prison sentence in Thailand
One 21-year-old Sydney , sentenced to 15 days in prison in Phuket for allegedly alleged to have been assaulted by a taxi driver , appealed for the judgment and was released under bail .
Stebreathe Rochelle Bamford was first found guilty by a court of Phukand Phuklet on 15 June of false declarations after telling the Thai police that a local taxi driver , accompanied by two other men who mastered him , attacked him early on Sunday , 10 June . .
However , video surveillance recordings later revealed that she had returned to her hotel safely after leaving her small Australian friend .
The Phuket police interrogated Bamford for two days before it admitted that it had invented the history of all parts .
It was held in a local command cell prior to the court hearing before the court .
Bamford was sentenced to a 15-day prison sentence in a low-security detention centre on the periphery of Phuklet rather than in a prison for women .
This is the girl of the Australian League ’ s former player of rugby Peter Tunks , who appealed to the Foreign Ministry of Canberra to help his daughter .
Tunks said in Sydney ’ s Sunday Telegraph that the entire family was “ extremely concerned ” about his daughter ’ s well-being and wanted her to return to Australia .
‘ We have , of course , experienced a time of anguish , but we hope to bring it back to the home as soon as possible ’ , said Tunks .
Bamford appealed for the judgment and was released following the payment of a 50 000 bag .
In Australia , the press has said that , in the meantime , it has been on holiday in the Krabi region , south of Thailand .
Thai legal sources have indicated that Bamford was represented by a local councillor in Phuket , but warned that the call could lead to an increase in sentence of up to two years &apos; imprisonment and imprisonment in an adult prison .
However , following the recent murder in Phuket of Michelle Smith , an Australian travel agony , Thailand could also seek to restore its image to tourists , which could lead to acquittal .
The French police will stop the supporters of Anderleicht other than the RSCA square .
The French police decided to lay down strict rules regarding the Royal Sporting Club of Anderlecht against Paris Saint-Gerart on Tuesday , reported on Marie Verbeke , the spokesman for the police area Brussels at midday on Friday .
The Belgian supporters of the RSCA who want to go to this meeting of the Champions League will have to make use of the travel system set up by the SCA .
&apos;The bus convoy will be escorted by the police from a former border post of Rekem to the PSG stadium &apos; , passed on to the spokesperson .
The process will be the same for return .
&apos;If other fans were willing to go to Paris by other means , the French police prefecture made it clear that measures were taken to make arrests or even guards &apos; .
Living together in French , the challenge of the Marguerite-Bourgeya school committee
In the Marguerite-Bourgeya school committee , 62 % of pupils have a mother tongue other than French .
This was the reason , a year ago , for consultation with parents , pupils , teachers and members of the staff of education , to reflect on how to better integrate the pupils who live between a number of different cultures .
The school committee has just revealed its vision of &apos; live as a whole in French &apos; .
For one year , the Vision Vision Office has been walking in the schools to help pupils from all backgrounds to discover common benchmarks that are not confined to the French language .
The discovery of districts , our architecture , our places are points of reference .
There are great names of writers , artists , whether they are sins or whether they came from elsewhere .
Who are our builders ?
The President of Vision Kamar , Aïda Kamar , explains , &apos; So you create projects in such a way that they identify with all of this &apos; .
Michel Vine of the New World Institute identified a number of challenges for the school committee .
&apos;On the transmission , for example , of what the queue culture is , the sense of belonging , the support for staff in the transformations that we are living in , in the student sector &apos; , is mentioned .
The Margueri-Bourgeya school committee has created a research centre which will give the teachers who , at times , also come from elsewhere .
Rachada Azouz of the University of Montreal will be the scientific director .
Preparing for a class in a North American context , a quebris .
&apos;Different educational strategies , this is the real need &apos; , does it , does it .
Research will include the inclusion in all its angles : language , school , social and cultural .
