UKIP, who deny those living with HIV, is a perfect example.
You are talking about when Nigel Farage says that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the United Kingdom to make health tourism, and when, with that in mind, it is a yes when the interviewer asks him specifically whether people living with HIV are included in undesirables.
First, you use specious arguments and then discredit them with barely veiled homophobia.
Whenever I or my family need the NHS, we have to queue behind intolerant hypotheses who think that they are all due.
I think it is you who use specious arguments.
Health tourism, as defined by the cash-gates of the right, does not exist practically.
I believe that this is what we call democracy.
So no one would be affected by UKIP measures against health tourism, so there is no problem.
It is only in the parallel universe of UKIP that Carswell can appear as a revolutionary.
A quotation from a torch does not provide evidence.
So please draw on the messenger.
The Mail has not written the report, it has only been commenting on it.
Those who control the majority of the media in that country should have been shot for spreading such populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I do not think you know what a specious argument is.
You know nothing about my personal situation or about my identity, so you should be careful when you try to kill the debate with accusations of homophobia.
The Farage phrase was a great surprise, but only because we so rarely talk about it.
He made absolutely no homophobic remarks.
You will have to put your money where your mouth is.
I am not, of course, where you want to go, but I imagine that you do not like when the media talk about what you do not like.
So rarely do we talk about it because, unlike Farage and Thatcher ’ s scattered followers who believe that AIDS and floods are a sign of god and not a reflection of their own inability to understand that the complexities of humanity are a good thing, then not.
Finally, the situation in Ireland is as rotten as in Spain.
With the new crisis that is coming to the end of the austerity period, nothing has been done.
Specking almost 5% of growth in 2015 is a big joke.
In Ireland we have been told by the ETUC, we have been told by the European Union for Europe of the Nations Group.
We have seen what is going on.
It recommended that the article should be read.
Attempts are being made to make the impression that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a UN NOUVE MILOMIMIE is in the process of taking place.
With the agreement of Brussels, which is shaken by the lowest society in Europe, flexible work on the ground, and which continues to be so.
With these inconsistencies, at the moment, they are paving the way for the Polish people to come.
In the 80s of the twentieth century, the country iricked it into one of the poorest countries of the European Union, with the Portuguese having to consider a constant perimeter without the newcomers, the situation is still better than it was.
The Greek was in front of us.
That their development is not a long quiet river is on the basis of the recent disdain.
Is it the lowest in Europe?
That is not true!
Latvia has an impot rate of 0% on companies.
Now there is an hypocrisy in France on the part of the policies on the sham paid by the multinationals.
According to a report which came out in 2008 or 2009, they pay less than 5% of their generics in France.
It is only the SMEs that are paying a great deal of money.
Now I can confirm that road traffic has once again become endemic, and there are new and new cars (and cheat) all the corners of the street, just as before the crisis of 2008.
I have been living in Dublin for 14 years, and the recovery has been evident in the daily dust since the return.
Is this supposed to be the economic news?
Do not worry, I am sure the comments will soon be inflamed.
In another article that they are in the process of writing, 2 Vauxhal Astria is involved in a storing of the A140.
Does Ryanair now intend to transfer the passengers from one flight to another in this way?
I believe that Mr O'Leary will soon be buying a whole new fleet of aircraft, so a few bull and bullets on the old will soon be forgotten.
Having said that, I will vote with it next week, so I hope that it will not be one of these people once again.
That would be entirely the fault of the other pilot.
Has Ryanair paid extra passengers for the additional fear that they were willing to provide?
But without this kind of Irish business, you could not allow you to go on holiday, a young man.
I never took Ryanair and the three last time I took the plane with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers a good service.
No, but it is Ryanair, so they can give us a great deal of joy.
Any article on Ryanair triggers dozens of comments from people who would never take Ryanair to those who like to take Ryanair and think that those who pay anything other than the basic tariff have to attack themselves, and so on.
That is quite transparent.
Ryanair is not going to be happy with the extra costs involved in this incident.
I wonder what the delays are and whether it is going to be necessary to compensate passengers and, if so, whether Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was a mistake for air traffic controllers at the airport.
Passengers were placed in another plane in less than an hour, and they have no right to any compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you and your dreams of compensation.
Welcome to the British Airways flight from British Airways in Syria, not true as you say.
Good voyage
Last Sunday, in Paris, street street in Frankenghurgeis: the Maris is largely pedestrian, and is literally the world's group.
People do not come en masse for the quality of restaurants (for the most part), nor for the Salon of the Blancs-Manteau (hyper-intellectual and slightly dusty) Salon.
The reason for this crowd is that the shops are all open and that the neighborhood is incredibly lively and lively.
With many foreigners who spend...
Do you believe that the opening up of Sunday will create jobs?
Gue a Paris Rue Rue from the Bourgeois, where the shops are opened on the Sunday, full of the world with 50% of tourists.
@ aloes Fals!
The only argument that would appear to be admissible is that of the areas receiving a large number of foreign tourists, and it is nuanced by the fact that they are buying the tax.
The tourist areas are losing a considerable volume of turnover each year for the same reasons.
There is the industry where expensive equipment, which is exploited on the Sunday, makes it possible to lower prices.
Sunday as a day of rest is a right that employees, apart from exception, enjoy.
That is why it is planned and regulated by the Labour Code.
Neither the Minister responsible for the economy nor, moreover, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, have the slightest authority to reform the Labour Code.
At a time when they are coming to a close.
The law is for what?
To satisfy some of the population and businesses that want to work on the Sunday.
In Montreal, Sunday apm I take my small children to the municipal library.
In my Ville of 30,000 inhabitants, where I live in France, the municipal biblio is open four days a week, but not the one!
That is what access to culture...
And it is also the regulation of working time.
The lifestyle he defended with tenacity against fascism
The lifestyle he defended with tenacity against fascism and Bolshevism
And if the succession of his daughter was, against his will, used to pay for the inheritance costs?
There are paintings.
Some are well, others are terrible.
Perhaps his succession would like his share of the cake, if you will forgive the expression.
His preference for a victory for the nationalists / Franco in the Spanish civil war...
And its hostility to the independence of places such as Ireland and India and its fascist ideas as a whole, and also to its well-known hatred of Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Nor do I.
But for five years, and only for five years, it has been perfect.
In 1940, he held up to the government ’ s other ardent artos who wanted to discuss an “agreement ” with the Nazis, and he had very skilfully won.
Thanks to his magnificent rhetoric and energy, he united the country in the idea that fighting Fascists was the only way to win.
The people of the United Kingdom, and of France, and Belgium and, ultimately, the whole world, can say thank you for having had over these five years just over five years, Churchill at the helm and no one else.
Churchill's greatness has nothing to do with this discussion.
Whether its descendants sell free market paints to collect money from inheritance costs, they could even make a profit.
If the public wants to be able to admire one in a museum, they get the money to buy it.
It is as simple as that.
But we could use tax money.
No one can deny that, when it was “the moment of truth, ” Churchill ’ s personality was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War.
A revival of the internal market by public works will only serve to promote large companies, which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring, as infrastructure yards are, by definition, not renewable.
As for the social reforms advocated by the Minister, they reflect the real blunder: mistrust of dialogue.
Return to receptive values.
A reform of unemployment insurance is not contradictory.
The weakest of us are not in need!
Either we support its aid, or it has DRILO in exchange for the services it makes or has made to a minimum of resources.
The SM40H, which I prefer to do with this vision, is in line with this vision.
There is also the donor who is living in the income of his or her property.
There is a need to differentiate between those who invest in a return when they retire and the person who lives from their rents.
A good or two for a couple to get to the top, vice versa.
The genius of the finance is singularly lacking in imagination.
The new deal was a policy of major works, but at a time of major infrastructure deficiency.
Today, in Europe and in France, this is not the case.
Developed countries have been sidelined.
The need for infrastructure is therefore marginal in no way could a new deal be a solution.
Especially at a time when the issue of degrowth is emerging in response to a recession that is only brutal degrowth.
You would have been right 30 years ago: more need (or opportunities) for dams, coal mines, motorways...
But if we want to make the future climate / energy shock less tough, then the need for investment is glaringly obvious: isolation, renovation of the rail network, urban transport, transport and storage of energy, etc.
A tax that favours high-income and rule-making.
Who is in power?
Obswell by the smartphes.
Charles Arthur is really a runopian.
Samsung ’ s profits are being undermined by iPhone 6 and his similar competitors.
The introduction in mid-September of higher screen control for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus may have attracted buyers who would otherwise have bought a Galaxy.
I tested all these telephones and decided on LG G3.
So Samsung lost me as a customer, but not for the benefit of Apple.
I believe it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft put in place this philosophy, we experienced a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google, Apple, and the optional community.
We need to have several dynamic platforms to stimulate competition and development.
In addition, we all have different needs and they cannot be satisfied with a single manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their underlying philosophy, and I appreciate design.
Some people do not value design, for them the options, functionality and price above.
There is nothing wrong with that.
Let us stop seeking a better platform.
There is' a better car manufacturer ', not really, they are different, but similar.
I would like to see a flourishing portable industry with radically different approaches to different people and markets.
It is healthier and must be encouraged.
That is in all our interests.
I am pleased that you have found exactly what you are looking for and that it is not an Apple product, even though I have made a different choice.
Most of the people I know have iPhone.
Our Uphon friends who, according to one of them, are opposed to ideas and not to men (on the contrary, from Paris to Paris) could tell us what the author is (e) if they fight ideas of the kind and give us the works that they intend to combat.
Or are they just about the kind of work described in the Figaro, Minute or Aquit Value?
Their sources is Judeith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Well, Jean, I love you, and you are an intelligent and educated person.
I said that on Judeith in the Fousto vein, referring to Holpherne, a rapprochement that I did not come (I did not have his vivacity).
Otherwise, in the 'fund', since you refer it back, I am not interested, and I really do not see where the problem lies: I hoped that you and your friends might get me out of my backwardness, because I am very slow, but I understand...
@ Jean: Do you recognise that, culturally, sending Judith to Holpherne, this is the case.
Who is afraid of the world?
But what is the fear of those who are afraid?
Furasto and @ us give us some answers.
The first by invoking the Bible of the Bible, the second by branding Judeith Butler as very symbolic trenchment.
It is clear how intimate these studies affect them.
Of course, we are no longer in the debate on ideas.
That is something else, much deeper.
Have you read, John, that the Monde has published an article on the need for theology?
As for a debate of ideas, I thought it was appropriate to go to sources.
I do not believe that it seems to me to be very rigorous to claim to be fighting ideas from the only way that their critics (Cardinal Ratzinger, the inventor of the Gene of Genre or X, theologien, are inventors of the Theory of Genre).
But a good thing, as I explained to our Uphon friend, is the difference between having an enlightened opinion and a simple opinion.
I am not, moreover, on the fact that it is understood to be a nuance.
I have not read Judeth, the very symbolic trench of gorge, I have confined myself to the 'second sex' (it was more than my time) which is, I believe, the source of 'the source' according to the wishes of Lo.
As I watched the eclipse since Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon was shown when the clouds opened.
The sudden onset of the red moon had its charm and compensated a little for the disappointment that it sometimes had the view blocked by the clouds.
It was ploy here at FNQ.
Yes, last night ’ s cloud would really encapsulate the Victoria and NSW coast, while most of Australia ’ s rest had a clear time.
Special Flash is bloodshed.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey makes the Labor responsible.
But if Labour accepts our unfair budget, then we will get her true colours as soon as possible.
You are obsessed with it, not?
I was in Melbourne, then, of course, I saw only clouds.
Melbourne also managed to cover himself during the entire week of the rainfall of the Persians and almost all of the astronomical phenomena of recent years.
I am beginning to think that there is a bad genius whose sole aim is to prevent the inhabitants of Melbourne from seeing anything of the sky.
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory, even though things are greatly improving on the other side of the Cordiiller.
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes where I could not see the eclipse because of the clouds over the suburbs of Melbourne.
I am going to put a TAXE on this eclipse.
QUICE is watching this eclipse pay for a TAXE.
I am betting that your first thought of the day is for Abbott, as well as the last one before you come down.
Who, or what will you get away with when (necessarily) a disappeared?
It seems that you are taking a long time to read the discussions by seeking messages in which people criticise the Abbott government and then accuse EUX of being obsessed with it.
A photograph of the moon above Harbour Bridge de Sydney.
It seems that Mars will collide with the Earth!
There is nothing about stock market and housing speculation.
There is nothing about the inequalities between income from labour and capital.
There is nothing about tax fraud.
The ultra-liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing about Babylon gardens...
The article says too much or too little.
The details and arguments of these recommendations are not given.
No hyper-text link to the original documents so that an opinion can be made.
Today, on Tuesday 15 October, you will see the results of miracles: in Spain, exports have been at an all-time low for five years.
In Greece, the stock market is collapsing.
However, it seems to be the case that there are examples to follow.
The reform of the notaries would generate a compensation application of the order of EUR 8 billion.
The Ministry of Economics tells us that these claims for compensation are unfounded.
What about the failure of the Ministry of the Economy?
Will policymakers who have gained the political benefit resulting from the brave attack of notaries have the same courage when submitting the bill to the state budget?
The follow-up in its time.
Ok, thank you, JYL...
@ lol No the state is not comparable to households with regard to the management of its budget, because the government ’ s time horizon is theoretically infinite, while that of the household is confined to its members ’ lifespan.
In addition, unless public spending is unproductive, they contribute to the financing of material and immaterial investment in the growth of tomorrow's growth and thus of future revenue.
I have a few points to make.
A regrettable decision.
But remember the sacred oath of Hippocrates: the health of the profits of the global pharmaceutical companies must be preserved first.
Jolie theory of conspiracy.
Unfortunately, the truth is not your fantasy.
The medical staff would like to use it, but they have the hands of the law as written by politicians.
It is the same situation as for the product that causes medical abortions rather than risky surgery, safe slots for drug addicts rather than having them on the streets, and so on.
On these questions, politicians want to please the masses incriminated.
In fact, doctors do not earn money with medicines.
That is why there are pharmacists.
Doctors do not earn money from medicines that the Liberals want our health system to resemble that of the United States, you should find out how it works.
Doctors around the world are being courted in the same way, but they are more or less visible.
It may have been wrong to put the blame on all of them, but the reality is that many countries, including Australia, give priority to corporate profits and research.
So read the few reports on our spending on Pharmaceutical Benedits Scheme and on negotiations with pharmaceutical companies in relation to other countries.
Comparing the world prices of medicines everywhere, as well as the differences between countries on what is on sale or only on prescription.
This is strengthening this is a political and economic process, not a medical or scientific process, direct or indirect.
In fact, some companies are currently carrying out tests on marijuana inhalations against oncological pain, despite the laws that hinder them and the onerous permitted permits.
Although the manufacturers of certain drugs may not be happy to use alternatives such as marijuana, those who reach a version offering good quality products to known doses will benefit greatly.
Sorry to tell you, but you are wrong, a lot of things are going on behind the scenes for doctors and pharmacies.
As for the hospital, they were happy to use it until someone put the chip to the hospital.
We cannot have DETENR patents on the grass...
If 'researchers' in social sciences were doing research instead of politics and networking, they could be used.
A researcher investigating, he does not compare one fact to another.
To do so is not to seek.
Comparing is not about educating research.
We cannot say ‘ research is the end of the story ’, and then, on the same jet, ‘ we have to experiment with everything ’.
If your research is successful, why do you experience it?
If your research is not the end of your research, why do you ask you to apply them?
Can I explain to me how a “researcher ” can deduct that a pupil who cannot assimilate mathematics alone could equate mathematics with other matters more easily?
The new technologies make it possible to learn on condition that pupils learn to use new technologies, but how would they manage to learn new technologies if they don ’ t know how to learn?
The tests are merely an indicator that makes it possible for us to find indicators that are satisfactory to us.
What is the point of building an indicator that informs you of what suits you, a desire for self-promotion, a deceit?
There is only one avenue to train teachers: to move away from training the sophists and ideologues, and to teach practitioners to practitioners.
Let us read the paragraph on traineeships (which unfortunately is not very well argued) and you will see that your conclusion leads us to the most ineffectual conservatism: ‘ it is a device that leads first and foremost to the reproduction of existing practices, which does not allow the system to be moved forward.
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system, one cannot hope that only practitioners teach practitioners, even if they have their place in modern teachers ’ training.
Education theorists must have no place.
The practitioners must have one.
Would you like to be operated on by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and which has never set foot in an operational block?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems of the education system.
To give education theorists more weight would be to destroy it once and for all.
Your analogy is completely crazy: if I do not wish to be operated by a practitioner who has only theoretical training, I would like to make even less use of a surgeon which has no theoretical training and who has learned on the whole.
Mihail Weatherley, the Conservative MEP for the fight against copyright violation by David Cameron
Why does Cameron not say, quite simply, to stop?
Someone should arrest popular arrest.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for this report.
If one day I feel guilty of violating copyright, I will have to read an article like this.
In an information economy, the violation of copyright = flight.
That is the same thing as they have to name their sources correctly.
In many cases, obtaining a licence does not cost anything.
No, it is a violation of copyright.
Not the same thing.
By using content without having the right licence, you are depriving artists of their livelihood.
You can always talk about pedantic assumptions - but it is about robbery.
And you can say as much as you like, but that will not be true.
This is a violation of copyright.
Go and say again.
If one day, I feel guilty of violating copyright, I am beginning to feel guilty of violating copyright.
Obviously, it does not bode well for you to deprive artists of their income.
If they believe that they should receive money for pictures used in school duties, an almost perfect definition of what reasonable use should be, then I am happy to deprive them of this shadow income.
lesson No 1 should be to show how, if children themselves create anything and publish it on their favourite social networks, they abandon all intellectual property at the site under the general conditions that they have passed from a click.
Perhaps if they share the headphones of their 23rd balloon with a copier on the school bus, they should be expelled for breaking the law in such a way.
If we could export this resource that we are full of, the rally who says that everything is going wrong....
If it is a Socialist Member of Parliament who says so, then we have to believe it.
I have 2 children and when they are of choice, I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed by then.
France pulls people down by constantly assisting them.
I do not want my children to bear the debt that this policy has created.
What is pulling France down is speeches like yours.
I have always been a private company in private enterprise.
I have had CHANCE for working in companies run by excellent entrepreneurs: it exists in France, but it is rare.
I am saluted because I know that I do not have the skills to lead a company, and that choice enables me to shoot the nuts that I frequently meet.
In my watershed, I fully share the post of Jean-Pierre Bernajjuzan: he says the horrible truth!
If we compare with German companies that French entrepreneurs are constantly quoting to demand reforms in France, in Germany companies have been able to structure their industrial fabric in order to make it competitive, particularly by ensuring the link between large companies and small and medium-sized enterprises - what are the French bosses waiting for in order to do so???
Let the state hold its hand to them?
What is the state that they are accusing of their incompetence?
@ Jacques L.
All the same, this flowed number of business leaders on your part!
Remember, what has you created as a job, as an added value, to be so severe?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In fact, France is facing an insoluble problem: the incompetence of French entrepreneurs who are unable to create jobs, and who move and mint while waiting for permanent state assistance!
This is terrible!
But they have solutions: the abolition of the Labor code, employers' burdens, taxes, work 45h / week paid for 35, and some, who walk on eggs, dare to call for wages to be cut if they do not do so!
I look forward to all the negative comments on this subject.
What is ironic is how people always complain about the First Group.
From my point of view, Last was not really an investment for us taxpayers.
They have tried to stay afloat rather than transform.
It does not mean that the Scottish railways have not improved since Last is dealing with it.
But they also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
Unfortunately, we do not have the power to do this, unfortunately.
I tried to have them recently, but I did not succeed.
But Labour is going to get us into trouble, is it not...
It is an international subsidiary.
They already operate in Germany.
There is nothing to prevent people in the United Kingdom creating a more moral enterprise and taking part in invitations to tender.
But it seems that we are not very good in management, and most of our privatised services end up being managed by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and the criticism when it won the Virgin contract, all so that the decision was finally cancelled.
And there is better: MRR, a company in Hong Kong has won the contract for the growth of the CRT for eight years.
Well, Labour, as they told us during the referendum campaign, is fully in favour of pooling and sharing and believes that workers must all help each other across the borders.
It may therefore be assumed that they will be happy with this decision.)
Perhaps it is because the management of the Dutch is on the right track when that of the British is not.
What ScotRail needs is not just a change of owner but, above all, new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the worst possible choice, but the real problem is the ridiculous system of franchise, not the individual.
'He was a beating girl '.
I was not happy, but I really was haven by this kind of expression.
Assuming that being 'beating' is superior to many others, concern for others, intelligence, listening, for example, being 'beating' has nothing to do with the survival of a disease: 'beat' cancers, which are no less so. I know of some people who have died.
Breaking off a disease has nothing to do with merit.
Go on again.
I say to you not that it is a condition for gerr, I say to you.
Nothing has been done with any merit...!
When the examples of your life, there are only you to judge them.
I would like to start again.
It is simply monstrous to instil, if only for a moment, that we can have merit in getting out of a disease or not getting out of it, is simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
A cowardly body, from everywhere, despite the will, despite the confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
If we do not think otherwise, if there is no doubt that having a strong morale will make it easier to accept heavy treatment and prepare for it, then try to seek experimental treatments, as this woman did, not to refuse them out of fear.
Someone who is in medicine is first and foremost someone who trusts medicine.
But if one prefers to rely on the "lord" is something else.
Neither the deserved merit nor the courage.
These considerations are unique to moralists.
When you catch a salt, a real, you will put you to the point of only becoming a zombie.
Personally, I have caught two of them, the salth, the large ones, and if I have been 'beaten up' as these psychologists are saying, I have completely escaped that.
Unless this fight is to close the teeth, to suffer hell, and to collect the shots.
I thought that the indictment against Milosevic was decided and finalised ten years ago.
I have not seen this name in the newspapers since at least that time.
What is happening?
It is an anniversary.
A forgotten anniversary.
His trial was conducted “quickly ” and then swept under the carpet.
Is this the story that was told at the time?
The communist who became a nationalist that unleashed three wars in the Balkans over the last decade?
Communist President of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
So please ask what has been deliberately left behind: 1.
How can NATO bombardment be legal under the international law of LA MOINDRE?
Which country did Serbia attack?
With regard to RDRs (Rado-Television-Serbia), why do you not mention that NATO has destroyed the same building by killing civilians and then seen it as a valid target.
Milosevic had no way of doing this: if he did not defend his country against NATO attacks, he would be crucified as a traitor.
And if he defended him, he would be swamped by the Western steamroller.
The West used a smokescreen to post part of a sovereign state that then unilaterally declared its independence and was virtually recognised by the Western states that subsequently lied about the situation on the ground.
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared (ethnic cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, died politically after his first term of office for failing to understand the situation that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the political world at the time.
In the end, the Guardian should not call Milosevic a tyrant (even if we did not like it).
To my knowledge, it is only in Greece that there is a method of predicting earthquakes, measuring the pidest-electric level in the quartz.
This kind of study is undoubtedly useful and thank you for sharing the results.
So there is hope, but caution has nothing to do with that of the exoplanet named HAT-P-11b, located around 124 light years of the Earth in the Cynaus constellation, ‘ the smallest and most colourful planet to present Detectable water molecules ‘, according to a study carried out by the Drake Ding and Jonathan Fraine team of the University of Maryland.
So we have a great deal to do.
Just like those that make animals feel a threat.
Thank you very much for the science to regulate the experimental prowess that is being carried out in the world.
How would animals be jumped (in advance)?
Perhaps through the perception of other elements, the rate of which is changing in the case of earthquake.
Like the radon, for example.
A priori is a odourless gas for man, but it may be found by the animals.
All these methods are intectable for man, but not for the measuring instruments that he has.
We do not have a reliable result on these courses of action...
It has been observed many times (and for centuries) that some animals are acting strange in a few hours with an earthquake, including hens, cows, dogs and, above all, snakes.
I had seen a report on the fight by two scientific teams, the Californian, the other Japanese, in order to acknowledge the validity of their work, which related to the sensitivity of animals to land magnetic fields, and in particular to their modification before seisers.
So I am not a scientific, but their assumptions have convinced me!
Or is this research?
Why do we have so much contempt for this course of action?
We should learn to listen to nature...
If you look at things calmly and rigorously, it is published in a serious journal, and no one is misled.
As soon as we talk about the animals ’ ‘ signs ’, the same is true: everyone will remember that five minutes before an earthquake the red fish was stranded in circles.
I cannot understand why you might think that Boris would be a good leader for the Conservatives.
He has done too much as a mayor of London.
When you listen to the LBC programme, one cannot help but think that this man knows nothing and always tries to dissipate with a joke.
It never directly answers anything.
He also said that he was in agreement with Farage, then Nick Ferrari, the presenter, asked him about what.
He could not appoint just one point.
He made so many promises to be elected as mayor and he did not have one.
It merely underlines the extent to which the rest of the Conservative Party is only a ragbag of merchant, no?
Because it is popular.
Because it is funny.
He was in 'Have I Gos News'.
Because it is a celebrity and people have been charged with the admonitions of celebrities.
Londoners voted for him, and the same applies to the rest of the country.
When (and not if) he takes the party ’ s leadership, I am sure that the popularity ratings of the Tories will go back to the cap.
May God help us.
I am not so sure: people like jokes, but do not want their prime minister to be one of them.
That is what Londoners were saying.
He should have brought his friend, with him, a clever, clever way forward with him.
In many respects, I think it is trying to copy R
The Americans have had one as President.
The French have really and always disinterested in the history of the Pacific War.
For all those who have taken the trouble to read a few books (there are, of course, a French and excellent B.).
Milk, the “Solomon ” and the“ scrap of scrap ” talk, unfortunately, as the dead who have stayed there.
It is understandable that the Australians, who know (one of their heavy crusies, Australian, must always be in the bottom since the battle in Savoo) has no desire to return.
In fact, we went to the icle of Savoo in the 'Iron Bottom Sound'.
Even if the mission is coming to an end.
It is the small ones.
But ecolo is a total filing.
Keep the kerozene consumed in order to achieve the objective that the concept is completely discernible.
You only have to go down the sponsors' list of philanthropists.
A com operation is neither doing nor doing.
Cows, it gives too much envy!
I look forward to the webset!
Your quirt bothers me, identifying a little bit in passing (I also learned from the Best ’ s Crocos in Brest de Brrest!).
Heaven for the ecological message, too, if some criticise the impact of deplacement.
The end justifies the means.
Keep us back, and show a relative sign that the Bretons are large travellers!
Pierre, Triniad and Tobago.
Good evening I think that the red bounce against taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the Brittany and the City of Brrest.
More seriously, it seems to me that local authorities and public bodies of all kinds should not devote our taxes to the dreams of a few adventurers who are as nice as they might be.
Are there players in the current Serbian training of Kosovan origin?
I know that Dusan Bajevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic, once in the Juventus and now in the Henerbahae, are from Mitrovica, but I do not know whether they are still in the team.
It is Bisevac's defender of Lyon, not Bajevic.
Bajevic was the middle ground or before in the 1970s and 1980s and led to many teams in Greece, but I do not know where he is.
Bajevic is Mostar, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and was the attack on the great team of Velez, who, under the legendary Suleman Rebac, ended twice second place in the Yugoslavian league (and also with Vahid HAlsèdzic and the faithful match of Arsène Wenger, Boro Primorac.
Well, thank you.
Of course I know Halilhozic and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what has happened in Krasic?
It was said that he was going to become a great player when he was in Judge, he is in Turkey at the moment, but the last time he appeared on my radar screen was linked to Blackburn lenisy.
I cannot help you here.
I know that he lost his place when Conte came, then he went to Mener, and as far as I know he is not the holder of it.
Perhaps he can do something about it, perhaps in the Indian Premier League?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania is not afraid.
You should love Albania because you are neighbours.
The trick is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of today's real Albania.
Apparently it was the flag of the Greater Albania which encompasses all the regions where there is an important Albanian presence.
There is a bit of excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, there has not been too much damage (as far as I am aware).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the map not for what is known as the Greater Albania, but for Albania before 1913, when the major European powers decided to give the buts from the country to neighbouring countries.
How can we have felt 'an explosion of joy' by seeing two towers collapsing in the knowledge that women, men and people who are unsure of children are inside?
How?
What bothers me a little in this' testimony 'is that the only fact that, if only once, it was able to rejoice spontaneously of the horrific death of thousands of people, testifies, in my view, to a' line line ', all of whose' testimonies' should be taken with the greatest possible caution. I would like to make a comment.
Perhaps in the short term 'joy', we will not have thought about the dead or the reality of the horror inflicted.
We will have just thought, for a moment, that, for once, Muslims had managed to really and apocalyptically hurt the great villain Satan in his very heart.
To do so is a powerful “Qqch. ”
It is grandiose.
It seems that this feeling has been shared by thousands of Muslims who have been eroded by their sense of humiliation.
With filmed testimonies in Palestine.
Classique Schadenfreude.
There was some doubt about that.
The "Christian / white" West cannot measure the degree of cheating, anger, hatred of the mud, when it weather the hefty misery, social and cultural underdevelopment of the Arab Muslim world.
I am talking about the Cairo or Algiers suburbs, not the Dubai towers.
The past script, certainly magnified, is not consolation, on the contrary.
How can we get the Muslim world out of this diabolical funnel?
Totally in step, two major pools are irrigating the Arab world: bigotry powers in power and fascist nihilism.
The common position, the freezing of thought and excommunications (freshness or army) of its critical expression.
Let us have understood this before, we must not force the Muslims back on their feet.
That is the only way.
Has Edy Plus read this article?
I suppose that is true in many countries.
In Britain, however, the autumn marks the beginning of six long, dark, wetish and depressing months that affect the well-being and mood of many people.
In addition, everyone falls ill.
This is seasonal pressure.
I am suffering from this myself.
When there is light, it becomes hell for me and for those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a little for the mood and well-being.
The autumn is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The campaign in particular is breathtaking in the autumn.
Not as much at the same time as the summer green when everything is living instead of being on the verge of dying.
In Britain, if you are lucky, the summer falls a weekend.
We have had a good summer in this year and do not do your bit, which restores clichés!
Not everyone.
I am rarely sick in winter.
But now I am retiring and I am not going to develop immunity for the germs of the outside, that may change, I suppose.
It is not about to die, it is just one step in a cycle...
A marvellous step with enraged smells, with a fetish that culminates with celebrations like Hallween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, dinner risks full of other wonderful words.
We need not stop doing things!
These are my recommendations for the festive festival.
Yes, these dark and grey months are making me much happier and more relaxed.
In the case of the taxation of children, it is the state that comes mainly from the 8 to 10 countries.
But, with regard to the number of households that have seen their tax increase as a result of this measure, it is mainly the decimals 4 and 5 that are affected (median income) according to grapes 2.
The deletion of the half part, above all, as regards widows, is not dealt with at all in the article, or rather its impact is conscientiously assessed: EUR 230M of euros is a joke which does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is indolate.
And that is not the right thing to do.
Well, we are not on the dole of straw, it is true.
For once, we are not going to mourn a policy that is on the right side of the House.
It is obvious that those of the richest 20% have to bear more than 75% of the tax increase, why not 90%?
Let us continue with this, and you will encourage this 20% to work or leave.
Well, I know it is not politically correct, but I say it all the same.
Long live Trories and OICs recycled to the PS: they understood everything.
You do not see what you are looking at.
The proportion is still the same, here or in Bahrain: 20% of the population holds 80% of the wealth.
A fair tax is when it forbids anyone to amass as much as it can.
Over and above a certain amount of money, it loses all its usefulness.
And, once more than the usefulness of money, the money is no longer used only to make money, it is) to say to make the greatest number of people.
We are among the richest 20%.
There is no doubt that the 20% of households that work most (and create the wealth of which part of it is logically redistributed).
A fair tax must allow these households to take advantage of part of their efforts.
Or, at the same time, let us give up and live with the minimum social conditions, especially if we have social housing.
Fortunately, the utopias of the cutting edge in the Khmer Rouge have lived.
I have made two AirBNBs in Norway recently.
There is no problem.
In one of the two, we had things that we would not have had in a 5 star hotel, and we did not have to present ourselves to the receipt or to deal with any traces.
You only have to go to someone, to sleep, to throw back and start again.
From now on, this will be my first option when I travel.
The logo has changed, the people...
Stop your assurance before commenting on your house.
In most cases, you will need a kind of owner's insurance.
Will you use a service with the good logo!
Ah, 6th too late.
I love Airbnb.
'It is very dangerous and highly risky 'is not true.
You have really missed a good chance.
According to the link provided in the article:
In his discharge, Airbnb's response to Teman was quick, almost absurd.
Within 24 hours, according to an e-mail supplied to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb sent a sergeer to change the greenhouses, made arrangements to spend a week at hotel hotel, and transferred $23 817 (for which Airbnb is insured, but Even so).
So why is this article quoting Teman complaining that he has received no support from Airbnb?
WORE AIRBNB, to receive as well as travel
I am looking for people who have already used the air bb just to reassure me.
I intend to pay a down payment and one month at a stroke, but I am a little afraid to send £1 600 to a site which I have never really heard of.
But what is going on?
“Supporting the troops, ” sang the $Bang on all of them...
So it is harmless.
I am sure that this will please the families and close to the thousands of Kurds who died at halabja to learn that their parents and friends have succumbed to something other than the chemical bombardments of Happy sadness.
Unless the content of the article has been radically modified by the author, your comment is unwittingly (to remain polite).
Moreover, how would this mass crime in 1988 prove that the chemical weapons discovered almost 20 years later were still usable?
It is not hyper-skinned: ‘ in search of weapons of mass destruction.
We are in agreement.
You believe that this is the time to weaken the army in order to strengthen education.
This is never the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war.
Alternatively: it is TOUJOURS that is the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war?
There would already be a great deal more education if you ‘ ’ were ‘ ’ to work 35 hours instead of 17 hours.
At the moment, our teachers earn more than engineers.
And let us not pretend that teachers spend 18 hours a week preparing their programme.
But that is not the case, because National Education does not have the means to provide an office in the college / lyrics to its pros.
A kind of, in short, enforced teleworking, except that the employer pays neither the computer, nor the Internet connection, nor supplies.
In fact, it is so much the floor at 17.00 a week and 4 months of holiday that the CAPS of meahs, come, you are waiting for you.
How, then, do you have no desire to collate miseducated chiggers whose parents are spurring you on them when you deal with them?
I believe that the priority in this area is to disarm jihadis so that the khurry population can flourish better.
Where it can be seen that the Bush administration has done everything in its own right.
My first job was in the sale, in London, of three times nothing, and yet that was a job for which a diploma was needed.
One year on, I saw an announcement to be a worker for the London underground, it was GBP 5 000 more per year and you were not even asking for the patent.
I have never regretted.
In this respect, do not worry if you do not find a graduate job, try to find something that pays, or that you like to do.
If I had stayed with the jobs that were graduated, I would still be paying my student loan.
I do not like doing business so much, so I hope in the long run to be in the civil service either in the academic world.
Mr LOL LOL, this article really comes late!
Exactly, when I obtained my qualification in 2011, there was already a three-year backlog.
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates?
To get rid of the 'bisoughs' as art / letters / theatre / theatre / political philosophy / philosophy / political sciences is what is known as the 'unemployed' diplomas.
I have one of these diplomas and I have ended up as the production director.
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma, but, as the article says, a good career path, starting at school and throughout university.
Of course, the starting wage was lower, but we are rapidly climbing the ladder, because in the real world, what counts is more than knowledge.
This is an engineering / artistic debate that has been going on for years.
Scientists cannot solve all the problems, it is more important to be able to stand up in the morning, to get to work and to interact with people in order to achieve results.
Letters, philosophy and art are biscuit sectors?
That is ridiculous.
I assume that you are talking about diplomas study in the media, or whatever you look at where you have gone.
Letters, philosophy, political science, and art are true channels.
We need people who can explain the major issues to school students, who understand the importance of the foundations of culture, such as literature, art, etc., and highlight them.
It would not be better to have a real territorial policy in order to discongestion Paris and boost the rest of France.
Personally, I find it hard to see the people of the Essperson ’ s fine-tuning and the Val-d ’ Oise ’ s making 80km allergies on a bicycle every day to work in Paris.
Intraordinary people and small belts already have many more practical means of transport in other words (metro, bus, tram).
A number of secure parks that are closed down and closed down, as already exists in the cities of northern Europe, in Dijon or Lyon, will be installed in the vets.
Good idea.
On the surface, space is cannibalised by the 2RM.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the Ville of Paris is working with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark.
They have a lot of experience in this area.
Well, no place has been found for UN SUL.
The motivation seems stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoe ….
Well, it is not at all.
When we talk with pedestrians and other users of transport by the reasons why they do not peddle it, I believe that the main reasons are: 1 / c is hyper-dangerous with all of these bars, lorries, and the scooters that drive quickly and are fobbed off. The survival of bicycles 2 / one is full of pollution in my head for cycle paths, and the need to reduce car traffic (urban type toll charges), reduce the speed (Paris = 30 area), ensure compliance with the road code by systematically complying (even the bicycles) (even the bicycles) (even the bicycles). Beginning with the bereft that we need to adapt the written road code for a hundred years ago to bicycles, to generalise buffer zones after the clandestine passages, not before, if not bagnole, and scooters are not getting bogged down.
The cycle of cycle paths is apartheid, it is necessary to coexist but to rebalance the occupation of the urban area.
What about bicycles in the big Paris?
Not a word on the place of bicycles in public transport?
EELV is right.
The target of 15% in vo is ludicrous.
I am beginning to believe that Anne Hidalgo has ruined the Greens in flour.
Moreover, as a result, EELV ’ s deputy deputies appear to be skeptical.
I am taking the lead.
Before racketeering begins, it would be better to find who really is behind this massacre.
It is not Russia.
There is no certainty that the way the world is developing is like the way in which the world is evolving.
It looks horrific.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has expressed his intention to bring the matter to the ECHR, but I have not heard that a complaint has actually been lodged.
In addition, they would have to lodge a complaint in Germany or Ukraine first.
I also expect these cases to be postponed pending the outcome of the investigation report on the accident and the subsequent criminal investigation.
Outside, but Libya has not explored Pan Am 103 either.
Malaysia Airlines is not mistakenly the fault of the airspace safety authority, in this case the Ukrainian Government.
Was the accident predictable?
Other aircraft had previously been slaughtered, Ukraine launched air attacks on the rebels, and any aircraft could, of course, be regarded as a possible and immediate threat.
Has the Ukrainian Government taken reasonable precautions in view of an obvious threat, or has it chosen to play with the lives of innocent people so that airlines pay for overflight rights?
Where are all the pro-Kiev trollers who defend their usurped government / ultranationalists in the West of the West - and who want to demonstrate as much as possible that Putin has shot the MH17 theft.
As far as I am aware, there is already a complaint against the government in Kiev because they are responsible for what is happening in their skies.
The precedent: a 1986 ruling of the International Court of Justice, which concluded that the supply of weapons by the CIA to the rebel forces of the Contrays in Nicaragua did not mean that the United States is responsible for their actions.
There is no chance that Russia will leave this case to the ICJ.
It is funny to think that Abbott wants to tell Putin that Australians have been murdered by rebels supported by Russia.
I hope that he can present evidence to support his allegations.
So far, the investigators have not said anything like this.
To call Ricardo and be like such a yotian as an eco, is distressing!
To call Polar is to lose the north is rejoicing.
Just one question from yotian: is today ’ s poor poor poorer than yesterday ’ s poor?
I can only point out that those who are most critical of the pound Piketty 's book have not read it!
It is easy to read, I took a few days.
It shows the statistical evolution of reshuffles, restitution, unequal concentration, inequality of labor income, the property of capital, merit, and inheritance in the log.
It shows that today's concentration of capital coincides with the beginning of 20 ° before 1914, it shows that it was the two world wars that reduced the concentration of capital, from 1914 to 1945, and then the concentration resumed after...
Bernajjuzan: you do not know what.
I ask you how long it has taken you to read this, knowing that the concentration capacity of an individual has a few limits.
Secondly, the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is whether the central thesis that the press has given is right or not.
If it is right, it can be debated without having read the book, the most important of which is a one-way argument in favour.
No, it is easy to read...
Bernajjuzan: how long did you have to read it?
Is the central theory of the press summed up by the press wrong?
I have not read and will not read it.
I am therefore relying on the summary of his central thesis, and that is what I believe to be a joke.
The notion of the gap between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Has humanity not generally enriched itself?
And this enrichment added to an increase in the population is the real political issue today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and certainly deserves the price.
But remember that it is only 17 years old.
An age to which most people are just beginning to find their place in the world.
I hope that this price will not be a burden on the young girl and that she will find her way to a happy life.
The problem is not the price, but the political capital of Western governments who want to prove the old adage that colourful perverts are the embodiment of evil.
I wish you happiness in Malala, but she must realise that she is being used and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or anywhere else – not even in Britain ’ s popular neighborhoods!
Someone thought his speech was a little strange.
She thanked her father for giving him a great deal of freedom but mentioned that, if she were not where she is now, she would have been married to 14 years.
Is it not the case that Malala itself is part of these 'colourings'?
You should not have an 'antenna' on this site.
You yourself are a dreadful perverse.
It is absolutely revolting.
No, his father was not going to marry her to 14 years.
She was 15 years old.
His father runs a school in which girls are in school and is in favour of equal rights for women.
It is, and has always been, for it to receive a higher education and to have the right to decide for itself of its marriage.
For all that, it is someone who is unusual in Pakistan, because he believes that women are equal to men.
What she said was that an average Pakistani girl often has to marry at 14, without having a say.
Sorry that she did not say it eloquently for you.
This may seem contradictory, but perhaps she would say that, if her father had not given him freedom, she would have been married to 14 years.
Instead of the entry into the 4 season, and particularly by Jessica Lange, it is difficult to find his own sister of Marlene Dietrich.
I have just looked at the two seasons that are quite different, but I have to admit that it is one of the best, one of the most successful, horror stories.
A first fascinating episode.
The achievement is close to perfection, and the show of Jessica Lange sing the anachronistic Life on Mars in Boy is quite simply toppling.
I have not yet looked at this new season (which will be the last for me, without beef beef).
In the case of American Horar Corary, I would have preferred to have looked at 13 episodes of 3 to 4 months.
One thing, however, is that, apart from Extraordinary Jessica Lange, it is, above all, the risks of scenes and mountains that find me.
There was an avalanche of original plans in AHS, which makes a mockery of today ’ s sanitisation of today ’ s productions.
It escaped me a little from you that you would throw you out in advance for the next seasons without even waiting to be able to carry the quality.
Jessica Lange is certainly a pillar of this package, but you say so well, there are many more things.
No, it is quite simply that, for me, Jessica Lange (and, above all, his way and the way she uses it) is really U.N. Pillar of the series outside the technical qualities.
I am very much looking to her for good.
Then I find that the series is written in writing, it wants to do too much at the same time.
season 3 was slightly below that, in the 2 that was too dispersed, despite some excellent episodes.
I do not see them at 10 seasons from American Horar Story or it is going to end up as 24 hours chronically what.
But everyone is doing what they want!
It is by what I say ‘ then I shall not look later ’ that everyone is obliged to do the same!
I simply share my point of view, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, JE, believes that it will be fatal.
But then that is my opinion.
Let us talk about less tax hikes, please - let us rather pay in state expenditure.
No, let us increase spending.
Those who wanted to cut spending have failed.
Debating polemics over relatively small items of spending, such as development aid
The problem is that this is less than the margin of error in government spending in the United Kingdom.
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than the change of direction that voters seem to want, and for all this time some of us, in both sides, pretend that these nuances are much more important and substantial than they are - and the voters see their game and find them out of their own. This is bad faith.
Less than 1% of expenditure.
Debt is assets held mainly by financial institutions in that country.
"Debt" is nothing to worry about.
I would see no problem with the government nearing a third of my income (even before talking about consumer taxes) if I thought it was going to make good use of it.
But that is not the case, and many taxpayers have the same feeling.
It is said that Nigel Farage has not been entirely honest about how to cut taxes, but how good it is, if you add our net contribution to the EU, development aid, High Speed 2, about needless wind subsidies and nuclear power stations that are twice as expensive as they are. You should arrive at a figure that makes the tax of Labour and Libr-Dem a very ludicrous figure on the most luxurious homes.
The first £10 000 is not taxable.
This means that someone who earns £33,000 a year will pay approximately £5 000 (a seventh of their salary), someone with £50 000 would pay around £10 000 (a fifth), and someone with £200 000 pays about £70,000 (slightly more than a third).
And social security contributions?
The more social contributions, the more local taxes, the more parking fees and the car sticker, and it is before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is levied at source before local taxes and the car sticker.
I am paid in a decent way, but not in an extravagant way.
Not that this is a problem, of course, I am happy to pay my taxes.
But let us not pretend to believe that money is coming from the sky, or that it is not important to know where billions of pounds are spent.
How can an unemployed person looking for work prove it?
Even if 20% of the unemployed were not seeking, this means that 80% are looking for and not finding.
Since I am an unemployed person, I am more interested in what the others are seeking or not?
For a potential recruiter to receive 10 or 20 CVs, this bodes my chances all the same.
Indeed, I have not had any news of the Pole Employment for months; that means that the agents are more busy carrying out checks than they really are going to get back from job announcements.
I do not see the interest.
Because it is not up to the state to provide work.
If Pole Employment does not provide enough posts, then Pole Employment must be dispensed with.
What is a sensitive subject?
We all have rights and duties, in this case ensuring that the unemployed do their homework in return for their rights.
Just as a controller asks for their transport title for users of a means of transport, a service Head or employees of their work, etc.
Nobody is crying out for scandal in these cases, no?
It is indeed worth pointing out that the unemployed have rights: the only two times I have had to deal with office in office, my rights at the ARE have been poorly established, and on one of the dossiers, cut by 40%, it has had to be fought hard.
It takes time!
I am not an expert in law.
Piling up and monitoring is taking over, while it is close to being an insurance company, as a matter of fact.
I would add that the subject of compensation should only concern employees, it is the employees who pay for it.
Politicians and French non-employees are giving themselves rights that they have not, in fact, been able to do!
That is not normal.
I would add that dignified unemployment insurance is a contribution to the enhancement of paid work.
More than waiting for murderous tweets in Arabic...
In fact, there is a need to have a direct military response in Iraq / Syria that will stop coming to an end so that this virus does not reach this conflict zone.
The situation would thus resemble the spread of the black plague in 1348 / 9 in connection with war and population movements at the time.
The Saudis had the mind to ban Hadj in Mecca this year on Muslim pilgrims from the three countries affected.
El Pais reports that 7 400 have seen their visa request refused due to their country of origin or their recent journeys.
In fact, there was a pilgrim from Bosnia who contracted Mecca in Mecca during the Hadj in the 1980 ’ s, probably contaminated by a pilgrim from Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope that the rest of the world will have the same spirit of mind.
Is it unhearty to propose that the sick people of Ebola should be prevented from taking an aeroplane for Europe?
I thought it was just common sense, but apparently those 'who know' have decided that we could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people...
These countries in West Africa where Ebola is out of control should be forced into quarantine.
No one is going.
Only health workers can enter.
21 waiting days after having treated patients before they could leave.
If they contract the Ebola virus while they are there, they stay there until they are healed.
These are not draconian measures.
Last week alone, people were contaminated after having had contact with people in West Africa, although they took 'all the necessary precautions'.
This disease can be stopped.
It is spreading mainly by the airlines.
Let us ban them from being able to fly to these countries.
In addition, customs officers at airports should be trained to spot people with typical symptoms of Ebola, so that they can be put in quarantine immediately.
Let him get the message from the first and the group (including religious ones) second, and he has earned the Nobel Peace Prize.
I doubt whether he will be able to set in the dogma the image of God characterised by the total functioning of the world's cortex.
It is still a long way from that view.
It is only 20 years since information appeared like the premium given to humanity, while religion emerged from the brain leading our actions since Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming yet another Protestant church?
For those who did not notice, Catholicism is largely a minority in France today, no one is forced to join.
Those who criticize the Church in any case would not, in any case, see the low number of Protestants in France.
What is the next step, what is being removed from the concept of sin, too 'anxiety'?
@ rense: Sorry does not have a vision limited to France.
And in the world, it may be this that will make it possible to reach more people...
@ Marine E, to be honest (as usual) the respect of others as you envisage him.
Hillel a century before he said: 'Not to others what you do not want you to do, it is all the Torah and the rest is just a comment!'.
Christianity goes far beyond simple reciprocity, but introduces it.
Your 'progress towards justice, peace, fraternity' but without gods?
It is a return to Communism?)
Progress is being made: the incarnation and the resurrection are being removed.
Jesus will remain the hero that has upset moral laws by redefining respect for others.
Christians will then be ready to play their part in the ethical debates in our societies and bring about justice, peace and fraternity.
Is it not a very Catholic?
I think I remember that the small number of Protestants in France were mainly due to the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and then turned into force and pushed into immigration a few centuries ago.
I am too hesitant between buying that, the new Alian game, or Wasteland 2.
And the new "Elite game" is soon to come.
That is not the case.
Personally, I would choose SoM.
I like Wasteland 2 (I even took part in his campaign to raise funds), but I do not think it is worth £30.
If it is the PC that is interested in you, Green Man Man Gaming is now selling SM 30 to £30 and is also proposing a good 20% reduction.
Green Man Gaming is now selling SM 30 to £30 and is also proposing a good 20% reduction.
I will look at it.
Of course not at work.
The computer depressions in the computer department are blocking all sites.
Is it a good day, is it £30 or 20% reduction, or does £30 include the 20% reduction?
Let us be careful, however, that the PC version is only for DX11.
It surprises me, I bought it, but it cannot be.
In addition, I bought it on Steam, and therefore no repayments, it is null and void.
It is time to buy a new video card.
It is a Brazilian site, but you are getting a Steam identifying, I believe.
Choat emptor and all that: I did not use it myself.
GBP 30 for PC, £35 for Xbox 360 and PS3, £44 for Xbox and PS4
Thank you, I would be afraid that one day they would wipe it out of your library if they decide to crack down on the people who are buying it when they are outside the region.
Join the version of Elite: Dangerto.
So, in 1940, was France a 'breeding ground'?
Tell me, this Nobel Prize seems to me to be a poisoned gift.
We need to love it with the 40 France, the 'bizarre defeat'?
When you see who gets the Nobel Prize for literature, one wonders whether Proust or Dostoyevsky would have it today.
The Nobel laureate is not even an event; there is no desire even to read the primary perpetrators.
Brazilians, Chinese, or Australians will read Modano, who is already difficult to read in French and who describes such a limited and egregious universe?
I hope that the other novels are more credible, but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Mouso, has only a distant report with literature.
Have you read it at least?
Or another Nobel Prize?
It would be better to judge.
As for the Chinese, the Brazilians and others, do not worry for them.
Outsiders are very sensitive to French literature and culture.
They will appreciate Mr President of the Commission.
If they are already aware of it, Moano is worth it.
On your side, continue to attend Lévy and Mussolo.
I agree with you.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Mouso have every chance.
So let us see who won the Nobel Prize for Literature: H. H.
Pinth in 2005, D.
Happy.
Since I took one in Iceland, I have not been able to see Kia Sporton everywhere.
I believe that this trick has been followed up to now.
Perhaps she wants to crush me?
Or can I swallow me like the horrible computer of Superman III?
Good morning Danra, hatred?
Mr DQ - no, not today, I have taken my medals.
It is on Wednesday!
I have had a few days of rest.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the beer and cider of Nottingham.
It was restricted.
I have managed to disguise 19 different beers, with Wobbly Weael being one of my favourites.
I was pleasantly surprised by the mixing of people there, but there were no more than the fanatics of CAMBRIDGE (not to be confused with the camera fanatics).
As a result of the return on the back Sunday, it was really hard.
On Monday evening, you went to the grandfather of a poppy to play a nine-card.
Thanks to a real opportunity for a start, I have been able to go back with a number of decent bones.
I hope that if I come to 95 years I will be as strong as he is.
Yesterday evening I went to a chicken bar in Farringdon.
One of my drinks has arrived with a chard slice.
I admire Mr
Read a bit of Bouddha, and you will understand how wrong you are, Christian.
Having said that, without wishing to upset you, I believe that you are moving a little further away from the subject.
This all, it bans the queues for the jihadis to get out of the mosques.
It points to the fact that arms traffic is to be smuggled without delay.
Either you have a great deal of open eyes such as Meddeb and Taiwi or Boubaker, or you have a very close eye.
We have to choose.
It is not with closed eyes that we have come to light.
Excuse me, dear Christian, but once again you are making a monumental countervailing point: all the authorities, organisations or associations that are representative, Muslim or not, having formally condemned the IS and its crimes, the French, or indeed the Muslims, have nothing to add to these unanimous condemnations.
There is no mention of a word.
The problem is that people like you see them first of all as Muslims, Arabs or African.
Not as in French.
Unfortunately, Mrs Mervel, there is a great deal of doubt about everyone.
As I said a thousand times, there are doubts about the approval by French Jews of the Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be foolish and improper to accuse them of a priori and to demand that they demonstrate publicly to prove to the rest of French society that it is wrong to doubt it.
In my opinion, this principle is the negation of the Republic and can only help to break down French society.
There is no doubt about that.
Who does not say a word, but does agree to what?
Congratulations to the IAs or to the conviction of the IAs.
Silence is practical, it is the main weapon of those who want to keep the goat and the hat.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatic untenable.
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could, in the elections, “revenge ” parties represented in Westminster, because a huge gap has widened between their proposals for decentralisation and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence.
Cameron must be petrified to lose all these seats in Westminster...
Cameron must laugh.
What are these threats?
The Conservatives are completely out of Scotland's eyes because there is no basis for them.
They can do what they want with electoral impunity.
I do not think that even Cameron is foolish enough to believe that the Labour loses seats in Westminster to the SNP ’ s advantage in the long run for him and the Conservatives.
Who is going to make a mockery of the Labour Party.
They will be completely eliminated in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP, which will lead their heads in the north.
Ed Miliband joined the 'PROMESSE' thought that he was rescuing his party, but without realising that he was signing the death sentence for his Scottish MEPs.
No wonder some Labour Members are asking their leader to be held to account.
If the SNP earns 20-25 seats and there is no majority in parliament, even if the seats do not come from the Conservatives, then they will be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to force both the Conservatives and Labour to do what they promised to do for Maximum decentralisation.
I believe that this is the most important thing.
Not if Labour or Conservatives want to be re-elected in England one day.
To put the pumps of 8% at the expense of 85% is not a super electoral strategy.
In addition, once Scottish MEPs will no longer be able to vote on matters relating to England, the Conservatives will win all votes.
Oh, I think it is.
Cameron may not be much to lose, but Miliband may be.
Maggie did it with the Ulster Unionists, and it did well.
Yet he is still in a position to be a prime minister in 2015, and he has been in the same position since he won the Labour Party ’ s leadership.
So, broadly speaking, these boxes will be virtually behind each reader to look beyond his shoulders and see what he reads, how he reads, and to the end.
It is “the life of others ” from East Germany or the KGB to FRIC.
The same fascination with surveillance techniques.
Ultimately, this will at least have a sterilising effect.
I await the next ticket: Amazon manufactured VOTRE in accordance with VOTRE, and this automatically thanks to an algorithm of its secrecy!
It is like a world.
Quite the reverse, in fact.
Thank you for the article.
As in this system, the management of DRMs is not impaired, I have to read the pirated files, public domain books or purchased from a few publishers who have the intelligence to put forward files without a muscle.
In view of the price I have paid the Kobo, it is without regret.
I am amazed at the widespread abdication of users in the face of the widespread appropriation of their private lives.
In your public bookshop, you will see systematically that everyone gives his card of fidelity (festival, of whipping,...).
There are also demanding masterpieces whose opening and completion rates are no doubt derisory.
James Joyce, for example, 'Finnans Wake'.
@ Thomas: In the Big Data era, the data does not really need to be personal to be relevant.
We must be careful not to put all the literature into the same bag.
The collection of anonymous data when there is a profile...
The harvest is not anonymous.
These are the data published by Kobo, which is not allowed to identify readers, or the perpetrators.
But Kobo has all this information.
There have been so many exaggerated, erroneous and contradictory statements from the Turkish Government over the last few days that the country seems to be led by a nursery class full of schizophrenic gambling.
It is even worse if you take into account Erdogan's religious fundamentalism.
It is interesting that some supporters of Erdogan believe that Islamist is such an insult that they delete your comment, but not my own.)
To be sure: – Turkey does not want to shoot itself in the foot unless it gains something.
If it attack ISIS, ISIS will retaliate, so it is actually shooting itself in the foot.
A retired diplomat writes on his blog: “The AP reports that Iran has warned the US that it would be a mistake to seek to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, because that would endanger Israel ’ s security.
It is not clear in the article whether Iran was sending a serious reprisal warning or whether it merely advised caution.
The second option is more likely and, in any case, what really surprises what is really surprising today is that Iran ’ s and the US ’ s diplomatic engagement concerns Syria, Israel, and the region ’ s security. ”
Indians Punchline's reading is to be strongly commended to anyone who pays attention to the details rather than to the mainstream media of the traditional media; the short article you give is important and should be read, bearing in mind the earlier observations / warnings from Iran about Afghanistan around the world. In 1979 - 1980.
Who are these “moderates ” who seriously fight the horrific secular Assad and, at the same time, the ISIS perverts?
The policy of pipelines is pushing the world towards something, and I would suggest to those who refer to the non-existent ‘ moderates ’ to pay more attention to the facts and to the alternatives before sending the children of the others to fight in the Third World War.
'It is even worse if you take into account Erdogan's religious fundamentalism ',' Are there any other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
There would be a trial of Nuremberg for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
What would be a 'need'?
Do you realise that neither the criminals nor the victims have the slightest chance of being alive?
A little late for that, my pot...
Would the criminals not be barely old now, 120 years old?
A little late for that, not?
Particularly with regard to the CUP triumvirate, which planned and led the genocide, Talaat and Djemal killed just after the 1st World War by the Armenians, and Enver killed by Bolsheviks in a break place of the Central Asia is at roughly the same time, when it dreamed of creating a Turkish empire.
What a madness!
An impressive mastery of the fallacy of the fatal slope, but apart from that, we are looking in vain for contact with the real.
So many clichés without arguments.
Foeus will always hear a heart that even beats in the womb of a beating mother.
lesbians ’ couples may simply be a desire for a child and not a desire to be accepted.
This is also the case with infertile couples.
And the children!
Shame on them for designating them as a psychologically unbalanced future.
One day, they will have the age to defend themselves, to say that they are happy to live, to earn their living and to pay the retirement of this lady (?)
The GPA is probably a temporary 'solution' in the development of medicine in our world.
It is not now.
Many women have brought children and children who were not their husbands to the world.
This is still the case, so we are doing so...
The important thing here is that this practice should be regulated so that the 'commercialisation' of the body is limited.
But cosmetic surgery, cosmetics, are not also being turned into commodities?
Anakronik Farinnheit...
It is, of course, more elegant to make a good one in distant countries via the Internet and Pal Pal than to shoulder their responsibilities and to avoid the scandal in another centuries close to home without shouting at the rooftops at that time.
These practices were not done on behalf of the church!...
It is not just Christians and believers who reject these practices...
The fact remains that the exploitation of bodies is a real problem.
Oh is quiet, this man is passionate about something.
In the late 1970s in the Midlands, I saw that only by far.
I had to go this day because I did not have the right to go to the night!
But if you like it and listen to the music - this music is always affecting you as much.
I do not know why there are so many contemptuous comments here about what Paul Mason says, perhaps they are put by people who have never been coolly, even for a few years!
I believe that in the sports section there is an article on football waiting for your comments.
It is very true to say that this is the case.
Since Tony Parson's film, there is a shortage of reporting that really reflects the reality of the culture of the north of England.
No wonder that Paul Mason has grasped the social and political context, he understands things well.
Northern Northern is still living, but it has been vamed by capitalism, and today it is essentially a phenomenon of the surface.
Having said that, you can listen to you if you are in the London region in November: 99psoul will once again pass vineyards, including full of soul Northern, on Saturday 15 November in the Betsey Trotwood in Farringdon.
I, too, thought ‘ always the same story ’, but that is a small, well-written article.
Your criticisms really need to be more constructive.
To put it in a nutshell.
I have love your documentary.
I suppose you are happy to have escaped Newsnight.
The last train for Wigtoria de Victoria / Exchange is coming to Wallgate.
By grossing pillings.
Whatever the station before Wigan was Intel, 15 in Wigan after buying a ticket for the ruling after Victoria!
The beginnings of Northern Northern are described in an excellent episode of the police series George Genlly called Genlly Soul, which is taking place in Newcastle in 1968.
Businesses are becoming more and more poisonous.
The Palestinians have no peace partner.
Unfortunately, Netanyahu never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
@ Jonathan: Netanyahu does not seek peace, because he wants to continue to occupy it (indeed, the case of Rabin).
It is clear that Rabin, Netanyahu and their constituents have all preferred the occupant to peace.
He removed his clothes, put them on the rock and went into the water.
An Israeli had been stolen from him.
The Israeli representative is being angry and vociferous: 'What are you talking about?
The Israelis were not even there at the time! '
The Palestinian Representative (UN) is smiling and added: and now that things are clearly established
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the bipolar government of the Palestinian Authority and will not lower the guard...
It is obvious to the antiquated Israelis that this is not the intention...
Anticonist: I have, however, replied to you, I am translating: the geopolitical report of the world...
And this has always been the case since policy is globalized...
Evidently, we must avoid...
To be sure, in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, for the creation of the Palestinian state, it will continue!
As far as the creation of Israel is concerned, you are not answering.
What sort of balance of power has led to Israel ’ s creation?
Anstionist: the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still a strength of power today!
You have any doubts about that!!!
In addition, it is not just about Russell Brand, but journalists in the Guardian seem to have difficulty in going beyond anything that he does not have to say.
Many of what he says are just pseudo-chomskyms written by no others.
This proves that you do not understand what Russell Band says, or what Noam Chomsky says.
It is just a continuation of personal attacks and insinuations (my 13-year-old daughter likes it well, which would mean that it is a question of immaturity).
A truly vicious burden, with just a suspicion of awareness that Russell Band says some truths, perhaps the truths that you prefer not to think.
It is going to be becoming ever more widespread.
I can understand why Brand horrifies some people: it sometimes speaks in pretentious terms and, after all the absurdities of the tabloid tabloids, it does give the impression of being a beggar-thy-neighbor populism, but I think that this whole story of not voting has been completely misinterpreted in my view.
The general consensus seems to be that he is just telling people not to vote and rather to cross the entire political process, but if you look at Paxman's interview and other articles / videos that he has put up, he says that voting once every five years for the LAbuse or the Conservatives (or Lib Das), and limit the democratic commitment to this is completely unnecessary, the two parties (to slightly different degrees) govern essentially in favour of special interests, multinational companies and the rich, at no time does he say that he simply ignores the policy because these parties are on the receiving end of the process. We do not govern on our behalf: it insists that rather than just voting and disconnecting for five years, people should become much more politically active at local level, organise movements, demonstrations, petitions, no matter and try to influence the policy from that point of view.
I do not say that I necessarily agree with his solution (because I believe that being politically active by presenting his demands may go hand-in-hand with voting, given that politicians are gifts that will change their minds if they really risk losing the elections), but it is a failure to see all these answers. They are condescending who say that Jesus says Jesus tells young people not to take the trouble to vote and just hope that everything will be better because it really is distorting his arguments.
His solution is extremely questionable, and it would be good if people were to debate what it actually says rather than simply label it as irresponsible and put aside the concerns of him and a large number of people who have been left out.
Yes, thank you.
The vote on the vote was completely distorted.
The undesirability of slipping into a bulletin every five years makes me deeply annoyed that my vote really does not count for anything.
I want more referendums, electronic voting, direct democracy and Members who report to their voters locally.
In addition, I dispute the idea that Russell Brand's words are not their own (written by others).
He is smart enough to have his own words and ideas, even though they are heavily influenced by the kind of anti-culture thinkers and academics that Suzanne would like to bring together under the label “pseudo-chomskyite. ”
I am quite convinced that, in a debate, he would succeed in convincing Suzanne.
Perhaps that is what the Guardian could do, that Suzanne is like Pollly Tynbee and the Russell interview on a bicycle, even with the rated hoops of the world!
Like Max Keiser, who initially attacked Russsel, but ended up becoming one of his fans and inviting him into his programme, it is too easy to attack him without really understanding where he is coming from.
It has been in a political discourse that has existed for generations, but it has been marginalized by the traditional media - including the Guardian - for generations.
In my view, this “frontline ” reveals, above all, that the intellectual debate has long not been held in history in the history of history in which professional historians have become a minority, and the exchange of specialists has become poorer for the benefit of Po Po ’ s SCVs for press records.
For my part, I saw the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu as well as that of Michel Foucault, a need to attack a culprit, a scapegoat.
They develop very rational thinking, but this rationality is based on those scapegoats that are the keystone of their thinking.
I believe, rather, that for Foucault the State was indispensable as a culprit.
This is a very archaic thought, the thought sacrificed, which is also the magic thinking.
The problem in the report is resolved by eliminating it.
There is an anarchic, new, and / or libertarian handover (the second is a harsher of the desire to eradicate the state, the first knowing going to seek government relief for its markets) in the sense of the least state / not at least of the state at home. in writing.
The old dream of the base that is self-organising itself.
His thinking is built on the guilt of the state: without this culpability it does not stand up.
Anyone who says that they are guilty, says elimination, murder and sacrifice.
This is not a position against the three intellectuals cited here.
Nor is there any support.
The totalitarian left remembers the good old time, that of his god, Stalin, the small father of the people.
Ouala, you probably read too quickly, if you took the texts of the Foucault on the Iranian revolution for an apology of Khomeini.
Today, even Pierre Manent would have no more amusing to attack Michel in this way...
Go away a profound reflection on the contemporary person and the collective, on the difficulty of the accession mechanism in our advanced liberal societies.
Whether one agrees with him or not, it is an original and respectable thinker.
Seeing this cabal orchestrated by hard-left human scientists who do not bear the burden of allegiance to their mantras is laughable enough.
The narcissism and authoritarianism of these people are without limits.
One important point to add seems to me to be the position of these 'rebels', which is only intellectual and theoretical.
The treatment of the Chinese and other ‘ yellow ’ people in Russia is absolutely incredible.
You did not have the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject.
And where was it in Russia, that a Russian person could meet with a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I do not remember when I saw a Chinese last time.
In London, they were sympathetic to me when they learned that I was Russian.
In Russia here - in the 1990s the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think the same thing about whites!
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and Guangzhou, in the middle of the 20th century, and I still hear some of them say violent anti-Blanks.
My father is not happy with his eldest daughter with a White.
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and, above all, in recent years: they are becoming richer, prosperity is spreading outside the major cities, and thanks to this prosperity, people travel abroad and see how the others live.
As I have been told, the Russians mainly have prejudices against temporary workers without qualifications from the Caucasus and Central Asia, who work in occupations and in areas where they are very lucky to be exploited by their employers or face high crime and violence.
Although I have lived on the banks of the Ienisi River, in Siberia, I have lived.
Unfortunately, I have heard the views of the Australians about the Chinese and the Aborigenes.
It is really strange that a foreigner tells me that I am not standing up for the Chinese, when I met two of them in my life (including one abroad), who did not have bad memories, all people are equally good and, in fact, those in London were very nice to be the only one. That is why I remembered that they were Chinese.
Otherwise, we do not remember who we meet, all people are equal, how we remember who was.
Do you know what is bizarre?
You and the other Russian people are talking to the Chinese as a kind of unique fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you always come out with the Blanc.
How many Chinese men are with whites, by comparison?
None, because there is a great deal of likelihood that the parents of these White Blanks will bring them to an end.
No measure for the impartiality of justice.
However, it is the mother of all battles and justice in France remains manipulated by groups that are strong on the left, such as the union of magistracy...
I would like to apologize for the fact that I was sorry, but the judiciary is a right.
When the magistracy of the magistracy, it only represses 25% of the judges.
If a measure of its partiality can be made on the basis of the relativity of law enforcement in the courts, it orders two obstacles to be removed.
It is the observer ’ s political vision such as that of the judiciary ’ s factual interpretation.
It then remains the necessary law tool to refocus the assessment on fundamentals.
The extent to which it informs in all the judicial acts of magistrates, including the public prosecutor ’ s office, must make a distinction between the error and the partiality of the magistrates.
It would be pointless to pretend that justice does not spread between these three groups.
The claim and lack of knowledge does not come under an objective analysis.
And, if all this is not analysed, how then can we claim that justice is improving in France?
If it is only by means of statistics that it is implicitly reminiscent of it.
The previous preamble makes it possible to include the following in the third ratio.
The question of the corruption of the magistracy of the judiciary.
Choosing in proportion to the power of leniency that is being given to the judicial institution that is capable of such heresy.
The area that is considered to be heirs to heirs, which has been committed to the use of fraud in the proceedings of the successors, has been followed by notaries.
This profession gets a good deal of EUR 150 million, while at the same time benefiting from the sealed coverage by the virtual legal impunity of the French notary.
In order to understand their mechanism, part of it was reported in the comments following the first publication.
Where this is in line with the previous, moderate statistical improvement, the legal institution produced, in many of the differences between the generalogist and the heirs that are reluctant to pull themselves together, a whole set of laws that are contrary to all the laws favourable to the heirs.
Is not the presentation of European statistics ignoring these kinds of rational criteria then a crazy form of lie?
Prices that are certainly totally prohibitive.
Another piece of equipment for forging the disabled is equipment.
One can say that, but my brother has one of these trialogues, which is tailor-made to its size and weight, and it has really enabled him to enjoy the full air as ever a normal wheelchair, with heavy wheelchair and type-tyre, could not.
As they say, gates and colours...
Tankchairi is like what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
Tankflair has the EPIQEU.
I think that the inventor of the Whill has never had to clean up a dog crack on a henchman.
I am sure my sister would love the tricks, but it is simply too expensive.
The long-distance driver would be perfect for a disabled person with a penboy penchant.
Here there are hills that they would like to see.
Prices appear to be high, but there are really people who put this kind of price in a bicycle, so ‘ you see ’.
It seems to me to be particularly useful for the trialogues to take place.
Not all disabled people are poor, however.
Many of them have a reasonable amount of insurance at their disposal.
Only if they have become disabled.
The trick is that the wheelchair market is a niche, so they can afford high prices for things they know they need.
It cannot really be said that the Whill is minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately, it is just a draft, there is no plan to manufacture it.
I am CONTNT that the 'long distance' does not come onto the market, because apparently there is no way to drive this fig.
Almost 20 000 homes were destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza during intensive bombing of densely populated residential areas.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power of Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half is children and young people who are under the age of 18.
The children of eight have lived throughout their lives under Israeli blockade!
A unique situation in the world, an unacceptable situation, as well as an illegal situation, as this blockade inflicts a 'collective punishment' has all the civilians in Gaza.
'Entrepreneurs who work on their projects divert a little from their cement to the black market '...
Ah, that is not wooden, rather concrete and armed with the lady...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact.
Anticonist...
Good cement goes in tunnels!
There is the black market that is certain, and it is recognised.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
A unique situation in the world is unacceptable to anyone who has a heart and moral sense.
The US has a well-kept ground: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi did not have the time to govern because the dictatorship (supported by you as you know) excluded him!
Do not forget, too, that after having lifted it, Morsi restored the blockade!!
And I am a West, so I agree...
Jonathan...
The Bvoice is between Israel and Egypt...
The children of Gaza live on an underground fortress, edited to the people who chose his masters!
Having a ship is a lot of work, Aleks.
I hope you have given a great deal of thought.
Cachoverfing is much more cool than Airbnb.
This is the very definition of the economic-sharing economy.
A lot of people are looking for just one evening on Couchoverfing.
So it is made to pay (or at least hope) in another way.
It is always much cheaper than a hotel, if we have to look for the right addresses.
In addition, the owners and tenants who are trusted often stop using Airbnb and treat cash directly, thus bypassing Airbnb.
Where is the community in all this?
‘ What does it put on rental ’?
There is no problem with the verb, what is the problem with your grammar?
We do not use the word 'to linger' in the United States.
The author simply used an American expression.
It is an international newspaper now, in case you did not notice.
It would be better to have good insurance for the ship, make sure that it is 100% in line with all the safety rules and ask those who are canvassing for a commercial activity to practise a commercial activity (which they will certainly refuse), and I have a ship and I have tried to see how to rent it (in all respects. Let us be honest about Airbnb, in short, it really is a nightmare...
Have you thought that ships can be moved, stolen and repainted, and so on and so forth?
It is so slow that if someone tried to steal it it would always be close to where you had left it.
Or hijacked by pirates...
All of these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our penses...
Where are you going to get it?
No Marine Le Pen is not right!
Populism?
There is no truth other than that which sets out the facts!
Poverty is rising in France.
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training.
The increase in wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality.
Who is defending who?
Who is defending what?
In 2017 the Mass will be said!
Capitalism is not going to become poorer!
High finance, speculation, plays with our businesses, therefore, our jobs, with our raw materials, so our purchases, our food, our food, and therefore our health care structures, with our debts, our institutions.
They are a threat to our daily lives by the same and our money that they hold.
All this for the benefit of some of the hyper-obese hyper-obese.
To show the opposite, FH said: 'My enemy has no name, my enemy does not have a face, my enemy is finance'.
That was in 2012.
In 2014, he appointed Minister for the Economy of a former Rothsschild to better defend the interests of the banksters, who were the only ones responsible for the crisis in 2007.
Was there no one else?
You are calling for this: to return to a jacket, to reduce its trousers' trousers?
Populist and Populist Reaction
In fact, we do not know too much what Marine Le Pen thinks.
Where did you see that?
Because the Germans refused to rescue the survivors.
I am not sure that Spee really was' refused 'to rescue the survivors.
One aspect of this battle is that none of the parties seemed to be sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massia in his book ‘ Castles of Steel ’ suggests that Spee quickly left the zone because he had received a report indicating a British cooling in the area.
The sea was heated at the beginning of the day; I do not know whether this was still the case at the end of the battle?
Similarly, the fight came to an end after the sun was sunk, making all rescue operations more difficult.
Compare this with the next battle of the Falklands, where, on the photographs of the survivors who are now rescued, we see a sea that is calm and in the open.
Moreover, the rescuers knew that there were no more German fighters at this stage in the area.
Hmm, it does not really correspond to what I remember reading on this battle, so I made a quick research on Wikipedia:
“There was some confusion among German ships about the fate of the two coffers, which had disappeared in the black after ending the fire, and a continuation started.
The Leipzig lives in something in fire, but it is just as close to him that it was just a wreck.
Nürnberg, slower than other German ships, is rejoining the battle belatedly and living on Monmoth, penned and seriously damaged, but still on the move.
After pointing out its spotlight on the ship's flag, the proposal to go was refused and opened the fire, finally bringing the ship off the hook.
Without reliable information, von Spee judged that the Goodd Hope had escaped and arrested the research at 22.15.
Interestingly, reports indicate a British cooling in the surrounding area, and he went to the north. ”
So, if it is true, the Germans, trying to keep the radar in the dark before the radar, did not know that a ship had sank, and therefore could not look for survivors.
They also thought that there was a greater cooling of the Royal Navy in the area that could have caused serious damage, so in the confusion they abound to take advantage of their advance.
They were a long way from their base and Spee was well aware that they should find their way through many of the Royal Navy vessels.
Cradok ’ s sacrifice had already done them harm and cost them about half of their ammunition, condemning them when they finally became caught.
There are a number of voices in the UMP calling for it to be enshrined in the law that an elected person who has been definitively convicted is permanently ineligible.
This is a courageous position, which would also affect left-wing Members of Parliament.
But nooon is a joke.
PUR TTTE IDEE JE PROEEE UNSCRIPTION AES MUR DES SES
When will there be a ban on trade unions in sectors already protected?
How long will we tolerate this distortion of equality between citizens?
The vision of society is limited to these sectors, which are always ready to take advantage of their intoxicability in order to hinder the actions of real policies, which are really trying to get things moving, not the beautiful spoken talk. The lack of action is a measure of the extent to which they are complacent.
I met them in the metro at midday with their little banners' for justice 'they came from province and did not make the difference between Bercy and PPB.
It supports the existence of politicized trade unions that members place the enormous power they hold at the service of his party.
It would not defend the same views if right-wing, or even right-wing, unions target personalities on his side and run a legal war against them.
Your assertions are completely free of charge.
If, at the moment, the right is wrestling with the current situation in the judiciary, it is simply that it has committed the facts.
There is no example of a left-wing person who has had so much to do with the justice system, but all those who have been the subject of his attention have not been treated in favour.
On the other hand, it must also be pointed out that the magistracy union which is left-wing is not the only union of magistrates and that it is a minority.
Let a minister with so much commitment to the trade unions show how useful they can be.
At the same time as the trade union you mentioned is perhaps a minority one among the magistrates, but his influence is very much in the hands of the Chancellor, it is not a secret.
We are now wondering whether the 'mission' of some judges is more dazzling rather than literate.
Think - you should be satisfied, the SM is a minority.
What are you complaining about?
@ Pirine: you forget that the magistrates are not civil servants like others: they are the only ones who have the power to charge and to incarcerate the all-too-bidder.
Goodi Goody?
And if none of the participants ever returned?
Good morning, Kowl Wail.
I believe that even the most starving debtor of glory realise that X-Factor can only signify the end of a career, so I would be surprised if someone could accept their offer.
Many have used it as a springboard to start a successful career.
The ODCs fill stadiums around the world.
Others then sold many discs or left for West End.
Postars, the forerunner of all these programmes, have launched Chrel Colle, which is, in fact, part of the juries.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Cééne Dion, Cliff Richard, all involved the Eurovision, like so many others.
While others like Frank Sinatra and all the rest have participated in the US.
In the 1970 ’ s and 1980 ’ s, New Faces and opportunities launched most of British television stars.
Of course, some have been forgotten.
But that is what happens to most of the stars who do not participate in the competitions.
Few people, after a tube, manage to do others.
In any case, most songs / groups can best expect three albums and bis of.
Outside, but now Cole, or whatever it may be, has no fans only in the United Kingdom.
His celebrity comes partly from his marriage with a footballer who is breathing in his mouth.
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson.
It can only signify the end of a career.
In fact, it is more likely to lead to a career than to the typical rock route, even though in your dreams you believe that all the gutapeting fumes from the grass in their father's garage and as a whole in three agreements on a poem of primary school will surely become a primary school. Start and the only question is how much they want to touch even before they get out of an album.
And, worse than ridiculous: it sets a completely artificial distance between the Western public and the people studied – distancing relatively quickly to racism, because sacrazing ethnologists present us with these distant people as infinitely superstitious and literal of ritual bigotry, while most of them have their own. How to do this is strictly equivalent to our own and, like our own, practical considerations on a daily basis.
Except that you are interpreting in the opposite direction.
So, but rather than say that the drums are unsacrosanct, is it not better to admit that our Marie and our Morlians do not also have a little sacred character?
Our way is as it should be to see the sacred as a sort of well-defined object and circumscribe the religious sphere.
That is very interesting in any case.
It is deco epeemere to mourn the vacuum.
Nothing more.
I would like to say a few words of thanks.
The recent Panthest of the Republic's illustrious figures is an illustration of the fact that the sense of sacred feeling still lives.
Who still believes in the interpretation of archaeologists!
Any other discipline would be subject to the noses of any scientific interpretation that harms the lives of a mandarin, rarely less.
When do we have a comparative critique of disciplines to make a little joke?
Because what applies to archaeology also applies to the interpretations of other disciplines.
This would provide a dose of salutary modesty.
Your contempt for archaeologists is totally unjustified!
It is thanks to them that we are constantly discovering treasures, valuable testimonies to replenish history, to understand societies, and the example here of comparative archaeology is exciting.
This method is not very old and previously archaeologists relied on their “instincts ” and knowledge, and could be wrong.
Nowadays, there are such effective technical and scientific resources that the interpretation of searches is better, but can always be called into question by other discoveries!
We are here in the middle (and old) polemic over the championship put forward by the pre-historian Jean Clottes (cf his book “The Speeches of Prehistory, ” particularly the renewed re-publishing of scientific controversy, published in the House of the Rocks of the Roche.
Thank you for this very instructive article.
Is it not the case that heterosexuals love anal sex?
As far as Mike is concerned, I could get on with it.
So, is it the end of the day?
I do not really understand why we cannot continue with three?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious, for adults.
Do you really need to fall into the heat?
No, but we are not against a play on this.
We would not be able to watch a musical edifice on that, on the other hand, it would be too gay!
We could have expected this kind of comment to be made on your part.
It would seem that Mary Whitehead has returned from the dead.
Since your offer of a trial is almost complete, may I suggest that you go to Catholics.
I am sure you will feel more at home.
He prefers mikew.
May I suggest that we all look for a newspaper that pays for real journalists, brave, to write about the Middle East, Ebola, etc., at their peril.
Rather than frittering away with these puerile banners.
Not very malignant.
You are going to do that.
If you are so shocked by these puffing banners, you are not obliged to participate, is it not?
You also know that the newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola and that it is perfectly possible to do both and to publish an article on anal sex?
Is this the subject you are shocked by, or the fact that people are laughing?
Nevertheless, there is the video amateur of the crash on the net …
An amateur fan of the crash on net...?????
If the FOM has chosen not to show these images, it is only in order to protect its interests in no way those of the pilot.
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots, it would have escaped because, at the moment, another vehicle (broken down, for example) was entering the circuit.
But it was necessary to finish quickly before the typhoon of which it was known, but for which the FOM did not see fit to advance the departure time (the right television, pub, money …).
But, apart from that, they protect pilots.
I also agree with this view.
But there is also the fact that, if the FOM ’ s very brightly briefing comes into the SGP, it will allow Nico Rosberg to have a chance to beat the English that then led …
You are giving up on this blog my dear Dayton.
It is not a serious matter, however, and I have a bit of time to set out all your ‘ Choosing ’ of the ‘ Claus of Claus ’ of
No, it is not.
There have been lots of F1 conspiracies, but one that puts Commissioners in danger of death for a distant history of a pilot ’ s victory at the expense of another.
It is not the FMM that comes out of the samenetty, because it is FIA.
Numbers of great importance.
In view of the amateur images, the lack of an image particularly allows the IIA to avoid inconvenient questions of the type: How is it that the Commissioner is a green flag in the middle of the intervention and continues to do so after the accident (see the complete video after the accident)
No, it is not because the video is considered too violent that the IIA is blocking the images of the accident, but because one of the Commissioners agitated is clearly a green flag, a sign that the race can resume normally and that you are more under the regime of yellow flag.
Some comments show a gloomy ignorance of F1.
Yes, Etienne, the race is no longer under the terms of a yellow PAPES flag the place of the accident, and hence the green flag.
That is the usual procedure.
The one-size-fits-all commander downstream of the accident (depending on the case, may be 10-metre after the accident) agite the green to say to the pilots of a normal allusion.
Sensationalism is selling the pub.
Before I thought the media were an integral part of the government's' patriotic 'propaganda offensive, but I am afraid that, at the end of the day, it is just for money.
And gender, let us not forget sex, the fear of not having sex, the pub and the media are good for selling us things that are supposed to improve our sexual life.
Investigations are doing exactly the same thing.
Doing the buzz with infos, which we really do not need to care about, is just to continue to be afraid of the people so that they can continue to control them.
“When tabloid tabloids on Ebola, we all appeal to fear, ” it should be“ derailing, ” not “snuff. ”
In view of the medical reference, ‘ unbundling ’ is much better said in this context than ‘ derailing ’.
I wonder whether all the would-be Ebola might start to spread by air realise that they now believe in evolution?
You are giving them too much honour.
They probably think that the end of the world and Ebola is just one of the signs of the apocalypse that is approaching.
Ebola is the Antchrist!
You are confusing Ebola and Murdoch...
Supplementary, thank you!
A short and concise article that makes a mockery of this despicable pseudo-journalism.
That was a good thing for me.
As far as I am concerned, the media are talking about most things with such optimism.
The aim is once again to keep us sufficiently frightened and anxious (not to get to hysteria) for the government to get us out of business when it needs it.
I believe it is perfectly logical that, if we are to have a budgetary emergency in the absence of any crisis, a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack, why not have an Ebola crisis in the absence of any evidence?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises that he himself invented.
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of governing by fear?
Congratulations on this post, and to be as yet in this world almost 35 years later.
In addition, it had to be horrific, given the context of the 1980-90 years.
I am gluffed, living with the certainty of going there for years …...
There is absolutely no need for this.
As always, when we talk about science.
Not only do testimonies serve no purpose: they cannot be used as a scientific material in isolation.
But they have a detrimental influence on the objective assessment of the facts.
@ traffic: testimonies cannot be used as a scientific material.
Perhaps that is why we are refraining from putting questions to psychiatry when we have reliable observations from the relatives.
My psychiatric dossier mentions that my psychiatric mother explains that I have been educated pathetic by her mother-in-law.
This is therefore an objective symptom.
When I say that it is a crowd, it is a subjective testimony of no importance.
Ah, because the attestation of a fact (such as this testimony, which testifies to the contamination and effectiveness of new treatments) serves no purpose in a scientific approach?
What do you base the research on, then?
Out of fantasies?
Do you have the same level of fanciful theories and facts (giving rise to verifiable testimonies)?
“Resilience ” is the word ‘ bidon ’ amoted by the grandmothers, from J-L Delarue ’ s fans, who take themselves for large psychologists after reading D ’ s ancillary.
@ Jim: there are empty bickering in the psyche.
Crulniik struck us with “resilience. ”
As it is a great scientist, Carryulnik, I hope that he will have cobbled together a reliable scale of measurement to quantify it, this famous resilience.
I wonder whether the air scientist could all save us from Farage and company?
Do you not think about Team America?
Seriously, it is not a good idea to have a good idea of bringing the air from the air...
So why?
It was a gentle series and it would seem that those who stand by it are aware of this.
So let us salute the all-powerful who can work miracles.
But how are they going to make children hunt?
The only solution that comes to mind is peanuts, which would kill the whole package.
It was already a number of children.
Children were hanging.
Ah, because it is a number of children?
The UKIP work for the Mysterons.
Keep your Team America.
In Superrionation?
It will not be the same if you do not see the sons and the animation is made.
I look forward to seeing this (though an adult), but I hope that this will give the idea of a chain to spread the old.
The series has almost never stopped being broadcast here in Australia; it is at least 40 years on Saturday and Sunday at 06 h..
Since the arrival of free digital television a few years ago, it has been on one of the second-class commercial channels and we can always see it in these hours.
And, in addition to the half-hour episodes, it is now at 05: 30, from Monday to Friday!
Fine, I am probably a 'sad 60 years', but I am not looking at it every day!
There is no 'Mount of temple' in or under the mosque of the esplanades!!
The radical Zionists invented this to give themselves political legitimacy to colonise Jerusalem.
Moreover, all Israeli crowds below and around the mosque of the espades for several decades have not helped.
The mount of the temple, if there is any such thing, is somewhere else.
Can it be in Argentina?
This is not intended for the simple reason that it is the hill on which the mosques of the mosques were built.
His summit, or one of the Rocher, is slamed in the middle of Omar ’ s mosque.
For Muslims, Mohammed has risen to heaven from the rock.
For Jews, it was Mount Morizah, where Abraham failed to sacrifice his son Isaac.
As long as it has been taken and contextual, there is no propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel also has its extremists, it is good to remind them of it regularly, and they are unfortunately relocated to the government (Naftali Bennet, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahu, who had accepted the 2 states plan, and sounded it continuously!).
It is also good to show how peaceful the annexation of Jerusalem is.
Will he be able to recognise his own?
The shortest of the Jewish joke: 'God is lauded!'
In order to boast about tourism in Israel, we often have young naïve naïve, alancies on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, very different from what advertising shows us, as can be seen from the photo that illustrates the article.
Even so, it is a bit frightening.
And that photograph is a wonderful piece of propaganda!
It is a pity that the photographer of Reuters did not take a picture of the hundreds of Palestinians who were allowed to return to the Mount Mount, who prefer to go back to the Jews as countervails, praying to the Wailing Wall.
@ at, if this photograph disturbs you, it is right, it is not the newspaper or the photographer, but the woman and the ideology it transmits that must be condemned.
This system is unsustainable and will end up as a laughing stock.
The only way to put an end to this system is revolution.
Ever since the economy appears to be smiling, large companies have benefited enormously from their employees.
They have managed to convince their employees that they are lucky to have a job and that they cannot afford to increase wages, while at the same time, without hiding, they have given ever greater wages to the small elite at the top.
You are right, it is not tenable, but it will only change in that country when the workers really speak with one voice.
Instead of wasting and gearing when someone else is on strike, support them, show a bit of solidarity and understand that their strike is not only about their problems, but also shows your employer not to emulate people with impunity.
Unless we abandon democracy, in which case if it is sustainable.
I fully agree.
The only thing you have forgotten is that British and American companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where social and environmental conditions are the worst.
For example, China and India.
All of this cannot come to an end.
It is because we are in a democracy that it has held.
Have you voted for the TTIP?
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) aims to increase the profits of companies held by these people by bypassing national governments by secret courts.
It seems incredible, but that is exactly what the dispute settlement mechanism between investors and states is about.
The Greens are against this project and are trying to alert people to the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that we are beginning to talk about this in the media: Independent Guardans World Development on the other hand, and you will understand these links, and you will understand what is being negotiated in your back.
Did Churchill not say 'blood, sweat and tears'?
This is an excellent fallacy, while digital money has no reason to fall and even less to push trees.
The next weak link will probably be the car market.
This gentleman is right, in XVIII there were trade unions in every rule.
In the very French armed Catholic, there is a dimension that is being sacrificed.
Let it (at last, its officers, others, no one knows anything) believe that it is the coffer of the eternal values of France, and it will fight and shut its back.
Then, with the decline of the country, globalisation, Europe, the crisis of values, in short, the dissolution of the idea of Nation, having this small relic, is comforting.
Even if it is, it is becoming increasingly uncomfortable...
They still lack married men, calibre men, married women, calibraries, dogs lost and I do not know what is going on.
If you do not write the French correctly, I do.
You have been warned, it will be your fault.
In defence of vested interests, there is already enough protection for protected professions with trade unions, which has created a breach of equality with other citizens.
We are being asked not to laugh about the fear of risk by an official.
One can imagine a system of freedom of expression without trade unions, or without a right to strike as in Germany, in return for the protection they enjoy.
Alternatively, it would be a disaster.
And, with the charts that are being prepared, the government is pleased about that.
What security are you talking about?
Indeed, Ignorance...
I was referring to the military and other civil servants, since this is the subject of the debate.
Let us read 'through its delegates' in Article 8 of the preamble to the Constitution of 1946.
It will become '8.
Every worker participates in collective determination of working conditions and in business management '.
This is absolutely essential with the emergence of informative power.
And yet you have opened up a specific article, 'The Great British Baker'.???????????
Wait, the section was there, there was no vacuum.
I thought that the conversation had to be started.
In any case, it was the Joffrey marriage that I looked at, and I can tell you that some have been well sounded.
In the Joffrey marriage episode, one of the best moments (though misleading: it was wine) in the history of television.
As a result, the slump...
Game of Thai!
I love GBBO!
It is the second time in a row that, strangely enough, the issue is ending with a victory for the cheapest baker; no one has done a kind of 'butam, that is my cake now and you are going to your master'!
Perhaps additional pressure from friends and relatives has finally had an effect for them?
In previous weeks, all these people outside were kept on the sidelines.
And there is also this idea of “playing security, there is always next week ” that will disappear in the last week.
I like cooking, but I do not think I can do that.
I am grateful to those who do it and thus offer us a super entertainment and push us to try new things.
In the case of GBBO 2015!
I agree, the last challenge last year, the wedding cake, was absurd.
Professionals usually take days to do so, and they would have to cobble together one in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really difficult to share, I do not know how they were able to choose a winner.
In Luis, the only real shortcoming was that they could find it a little dry basis (though I agree with Hollywood that the green ice on Richard ’ s mill did not envy, in any case Richard had already lost at that point).
I have to say that several challenges of this series seem to be somewhat artificial due to the time allocated.
There is also the cancer that is cured, with wind blows.
There is no doubt that we are all successful at the moment.
We hope that this is a bad moment for humanity.
You confuse solar and ultraviolet rays.
The UVs are blocked mainly by the ozone layer, which is formed precisely by the impact of the particles of residual wind and UV wind.
So even if the magnetic field was weakened, there would not be enough solar wind to “hunt ” the stratosphere ’ s ozone.
There would be even more, and thus less UV and “cancers. ”
Fortunately, the ozone layer is not blocking UVs.
They have a lot of useful functions that you do not suspect.
If they are limited to human beings, they have an interest in enabling us to have bones (vitamin D), heating (less than the intricacies), modulating our immune system and, it seems, improving our morale.
The ozone layer is blocking the carcinogens and is leaving UVA and most UVB.
You know that you are not obliged to be condescending and to regard your interlocutor as an stay when you make a comment?
Especially for a minor precision, which was implied in the comment, which itself intends to be pedagogical.
Without saying that I am used to melanoma, UVs are only ACCLR its development.
They are not the PROVOQUENNT.
Evidence of this is that all of them are not necessarily melancholy.
Well, when you tell you that you have to avoid the sun and live on a cellar, it is better not to listen, because the UVs are necessary for every human being.
The excess, on the other hand, is like everything: it kills.
But for other reasons.
Vulages directly cause melanoma.
Is it possible to do so?
And, more importantly, can we go through it?
or pass it on to the mighty...
I believe that the majority of those who are interested in it have established that everything can be complied with if there is sufficient force and the robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable, for the use to which it is intended.
I believe that the army needs something more resilient and has therefore not yet adopted the iPhone6 as front-line communications equipment.
But for us,
It remains a good choice.
The majority of those concerned have established that everything can be complied with if there is sufficient force there.
With a Nokia 3310.
More specifically, has it already been complied with?
It is a joke in every discussion.
I have decided to count them.
It is the fourth joke on the plage I read in the comments today.
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that.
Before there are specific software, one can imagine that the telephone has been removed from the main production chain and it is hard to see how it could come back.
So, 'mummummmum.....................................'.
The most likely thing is that it is a production unit on which the iOS has not been installed properly and is therefore stuck with the installed plant test code.
I do not know at all how they are doing these tricks.
But would they put a test software on all of them?
Phographs about Ebasay clearly show the absence of FCI or EC logo and the presence of a prototype red link.
The article for Bobo par excellence.
You want cheap products, and it is a surprise that industrialists produce a “business ”“ industry, but all the teaching teachers and small businesses are concerned about how to move good, bio adac 1650 (an average festive salary)?
But to answer your post, if it is possible to eat properly with a small wage.
After all, it is free to put its priorities where it sees fit.
For my part, food is one of them.
Go without grudgingly, I embolden you.
People who see the world through an ideological “software ” that leads them to disconnect from reality are called“ Bobos, ” or even “bobocollolololololos. ”
It is unwise unbundling.
They are expert in posturing, for example, trying to save the planet because they have avoided taking a shower.
He is also experts in tardiness, joining in this, for example, with the leftover, which they sometimes come from, for example, by condemning CO2 emissions while, at the same time, passing on their holiday to the Maldives.
The vast majority of our fellow citizens do not bear this mixture of red tape and delays, too, when they often meet with criticism of them.
Waouh, thank you for this comprehensive and comprehensive theorisation, as well as for all the associated details (aircraft, dubious …).
I would like to be one of them, but I do not find myself in it.
The concept is not so complicated.
Bobololololos are monkloc.
Have you understood the concept of energy haca-caviar?
Well, you are in a position to understand the concept of 'green'.
It is a perfect copy of an ideological nuance.
The classification would be more complicated if we were to take an interest in ecolos at all.
Bobocolo is one of them, but only the most visible part of the ecolos, because it is the one that infests the media.
That is a fine gife.
Apparently, no one wants to look at the game in front of us.
It is so bad that it looks vaguely like a naked female.
You are next to the plate.
We need to be a microcosm of art to understand the astounding beauty of truth in this work.
But you simply have no legitimacy to make a comment, because you have not spent many decades studying and pandering to great artists.
The important thing is not that Elin does not know and always seems to be obsessed with the same subject.
The important thing is that it has really managed to become extremely rich and famous by having no artistic capacity.
It is a case of whipping up.
No, it is a chat.
The fact that Elin is not aware
That is not really a proven fact.
Rather, it is an opinion.
Unless the only thing you can appreciate is realistic reproductions of dogs who smoke by playing the billboard.
Judging art can be problematic, but not in that case.
Defining, it is more than simply representing the real.
If you only seek to do that, then there will be a photograph.
The author also speaks of Emiin's extermination.
Look again and let the image speak of itself, without comparing it with the kind of design that you perhaps prefer.
If that is so easy, why do you not do it yourself?
There is still a need for savings: equivalence activities, the number of horses of the Republican guard or the status of the generals who are no longer in active service....
(Honesty forces France to reduce its workforce, but as all countries have done, sometimes even more drastically, starting with Great Britain.
It is only half encouraging...
Operation without support quickly has its limits!
A singular approach, at a time when we are seeing the weaknesses, the inadequacies of our defence tool, particularly in the Sahel.
A bad blow to the local authorities concerned, who lose a dimension of their activities, or even part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuary?
@ edmond: that is what I was saying, look at elsewhere where savings are being made but, above all, not at home, in my home, it really is not possible...
That is exactly what you are proposing to do, looking elsewhere to see where there is a certain amount of waste.
All those who have come together with little or no military authority dare to come here and say that there is no money squandered on this perimeter and that this is not a laughing stock.
Let the same potion apply to the public service as a whole, and public finances will go a little better.
And for Joi: look at the inflation of public jobs in other ministries, and you will understand why the defense may be a little busy!
Yes, the economies on which everyone agrees that they have to be done, must be seen somewhere, no?
A pot of pot, those on whom that grabbed murder when it happens at home, the cherished poor.
We would have to do it, but, above all, it would not fall on me because, in this case, it is a crime and not an economy.
What you are saying is going!
In what way will the Val de Grace be closed down will weaken our defence tool in the Sahel?
As for the local authorities, history repeats each other's job closures, maternity, hospital, barracks.
But, of course, everyone is in favour of economies.
It is strange, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and does not welcome the savings made in public spending.
This article really is the most staggering trick I have ever read!
This embarrassing moment, in which the first three people who commits the same bad joke.
It is the depressation to drive down his thread Facebook and to see that 80% of his friends started their statutes with the phrase “this embarrassing moment. ”
I believe that they are going to make a film.
It will certainly be based on shocking scenes in which someone comes to work at the workplace by accident and only becomes aware of the fact that his jupe has come back into his trousers.
It is not embarrassing, it is completely con.
Not really, in my view, the author adopts the role of the typical British man, who has always learned to bury his emotions and shake his teeth.
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush, the announcement of his return to the scene after 25 years of absence was something strong.
You are aware that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to know who will have the rights?
I do not have the Internet.
So I do not think I can comment.
Do not have a computer.
My god, I have to have this film before we die!
I do not think that this article is the most incredible thing I have ever read!
It really has just been demonstrated that he is at the top of the summit of the cosmic universe of satirical journalism!
That is the opposite of what I have to say!
It is absolutely essential that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter that they finally have illumination and disclose unbelievable fluluration and the insurmountable genius with Mr Brooker's keyboard as a divine light.
Well, it really was null and void.
Above all else, it is neither women nor the mourning.
I am a parasite.
This shows a positive development within democracies: the rise of regional policies and effective community initiatives.
Until further order, we have taken away the right to save our planet by states that are playing the brunt of every meeting to save the planet.
We are therefore deciding, citizens, to take things in hand.
With the Commissioner who has worked on energy, all these fine recommendations have been stolen....
Keep it: Eliens and solar farms are tomorrow's points.
This is financed by the consignment.
Please stop this pro-nuclear speech.
Pollution is not limited to CO2.
Radioactivity is much more harmful to its waste and in the event of an accident.
As long as the sector is not fully controlled, it is better to limit it to laboratories.
Renewable energies are our only salvation, provided, of course, that our consumption is drastically reduced.
Renewable electricity to combat CO2 emissions?
France is in no way concerned.
Nuclear power is a zero CO2 emissions from production and epilon for the other stages.
Electricity and VV is already more than GHG on other steps, especially gas, or, worse, coal as well as Germany, to compensate for intermittent intermittent.
Replacing nuclear by renewable renewable or PV would run counter to the fight against CO2.
Christian, I am not insulting you, I am a head of state in the 1981 physical sciences, and I have carried out nuclear physics research I challenge you to prove contrary to what I said.
As for what I did not say, I did not say anything about Germany, I did not say anything about Germany, in fact you did not respond to what I said and like all right-wing people demolish the interlocutor I never do.
I would also mention the conclusion of experts mandated by the German Government: Germany ’ s current programme of renewable energy is an unprofitable and ineffective means of reducing emissions of greenhouse gases and should be stopped.
0 emissions emissions if you do not count on the extraction of uranium and construction, and if you do not count the greenhouse gas vapour less effect than that of C2, it is true that two-thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power station is in water steam and a little in the water. Rightly so.
I stopped reading when you talked about Pakistan as a ‘ South Asian giant ’ …!
Last time, Pakistan won Hindustan.
I am not surprised by the fact that most of the Indians who make comments do not want to read and comment only on articles against Pakistan.
In fact, it shows your state of mind.
It would have been the same if they had described India as a giant of South Asia...
I have nothing against Pakistani players participating, but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would simply be opening a Pandora's box full of corruption and mafia.
As for the ISL, today's opening match was surprisingly interesting, with the Kolkata Athletic with 30 to Mumbai.
Pakistan still has a long way to go.
In comparison with the billions and billions that India spends on cricket and now football, how can we possibly compete with our ‘ noisy neighbours ’...
The race for low-cost launcher will pay a price for cash.
It is a shame for such a beautiful project.
In the case of the incident, the possible lack of design only manifests itself with a hélium too cold.
We may not, therefore, be in a conception of design, but of implementation...
Contrary to the fact that a private company is a private company, it seems that soyouz belongs to the Russian state...
And if the rule is the same as the state is its own insurer.
They may pay the freak satellites who know.
It is all the more unfortunate that many media are taking over the articles only - and many readers are only holding these headlines.
All in all, this creates a false impression that is contrary to the content of the article itself.
Absolutely with you, the title is not appropriate, it is unjustly calling into question the project when it is only a problem of the launchment.
