the functioning of medieval societies is a legacy of these older mythical and religious structures, there is continuity.
As Westeros looks more like the Middle Ages, we think about it more easily.
Essos has some more antique ones, such as slavery, shitty states that make people think of Rome and Greece, the East.
I had only one working experience, in a thrift, I had to recreate and make orders for the staff, almost all of the time I was putting pressure on myself and I did not have the right to stop (even after working 6-7 hours in a row) before finishing all the orders and deliveries.
At first it was cool but hard, I was happy to do something else for once that stay at home, as well I was earning the money and it made me sport so it was all well.
When one day one of my colleagues with whom I was working and who I was working for, what would I say?
Try on foot to make orders committed a miscelle.
He and I never heard despite my multiple attempts (to share the tasks).
At the end of the day, there were several orders and we also had to make an inventory of the frigo, so I tell him that I agree to make an inventory of the fridge if he does the rest of the orders.
He agrees.
I'm finishing the work and going back home.
Next Monday, I'm called to say that there is a big problem that the orders that should have been made have not been made.
They find that my colleague had "forgotten" to do his job, except that instead of admitting him, he rejected the blame on me, I at the beginning didn't really understand what was going on, I was asked to go to emergency, in 15 minutes it was settled.
Then I was told in a royal calm, that everything was my fault and I'm dismissed.
I'm not particularly looking to fight, (the hotel was in judicial recovery), I had a plane ticket scheduled for 1 month to break this island for 6 months, so it was moving a bit and left me time to move.
Nevertheless, I always have this betrayal in my throat, and for a first job experiment it's really bad that it is over like that.
The wet dream of LREM is realized.
Waah, tell me that I am like Schiappa?
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
> Well, no because once again, you ignore the historical context of the thing voluntarily, that is, a few thousand years of injustice between men / women and a culture that is still machist.
You can't make a law, a rule, without context.
Come a "white" one that's the same, you'll forget a few centuries of slavery of black people.
Your reasoning is not biased in fact, it's dishonest, because you voluntarily refuse to take into account the reality of today's society and its historical foundations because they're not promoting your reasoning.
And you ignore the historical context of gender segregation to advocating segregation as the only solution to the problem we talk about.
And do you blame me for extrapolating?
You're completely unfamiliar with other solutions, pretending to regret this because the situation makes it necessary.
But on an application that knows the identity of all stakeholders, who can know their position, who notes them, who gets the comments of the clients, etc.
Do you really believe that there is really no solution than segregation?
And when I propose the port of arms, you don't pretend to oppose it for ideological reasons, like me, I oppose segregation for ideological reasons, but because it is forbidden.
But sexual discrimination is also forbidden!
> Go, let's be crazy, propose.
Because there, so that you stop telling you about this one, the solution is that BlaBlai is proposing the same thing to men, which will serve to serve as a dull and do not make any progress at all, but will solve your problem.
This point shows that you don't read mine.
I don't want any "man".
I don't want discrimination.
Like Nelson Mandela did not want power to black people against whites, he wanted the end of racism.
You think so much by little company that you don't realize that you can defend individuals.
It's not because of fear of clashes with men that I am against it, it's because of fear of clashes everyone.
Increasing discrimination between men and women in the 2 sense, prejudice, clichés, cultural differences that explain differences in access to power.
> So if it happens, a "Uber feminine", in the state, it might be fun (Edit: I specify: unfortunately, because no, fundamentally I'm not too much for this kind of thing, I was just making an observation that the simple fact that this measure is made shows that the basic problem is real).
Ah well, there would be a lot of it.
The gender clichés have so imbued society.
You know that there would probably also be strong demand for women's doctors for women, for sports rooms reserved for women, for cafés reserved for women, shops reserved for women, etc.
Is that what you want?
Why are you coming here if you hate this sub?
It remains on your sub that is r / shit, continue to believe your intellectual superiority by post there but not making your victim here.
You insult people without pinching them for fear that the interested parties will answer you but behind you you're going to do your homework.
Fuck, but you have no consistency.
* The anarch-communist group CNIL soon banned in France, following the violent attack on the Google France.
Basher Netflix is polite to Quebec.
So the guys of monrians who annoy us with their propaganda from the free world and pond video games in BF1 where French people are in DLC...
The nearest sqdc is 160km old and never has anything and when yen recalls it's 4% of thc and cbd.
I've never had a good time to order them on their website.
My dealer is chilled by the police.
The legalization of the pot will make me stop smoking.
Hellers around it are too much job and the lumere is expensive in electricity.
Each sensible question is answered with downvotes, which shows that we are on a dogma here and not logic.
Come on.
Is it possible to shoot his nickens on a Chrobecst with Firefox?
I use that to watch the play.
Imagine if as soon as possible, your intists never noted your duties.
Not once.
Do you think you would have learned to write?
> It's an index that does not mean to say Ben it serves to indicate the cold you're going to feel, and since it allows the two situations that I was putting above to be difference, I think it's a worse job.
> Each network can use its own formula and tweaker... Yes but it does not mean that it's bad or not useful.
And then, if it were really open to the public, it would soon be realized and you read that the index is useless.
>... to get the greatest dramatic effect.
It's you who interpret it.
> We have no way to confirm the figure.
The formula is public.
Yeah, you can't buy a tperaturt to emit but it's deresome of two measures you can do.
To know that it's an index and it's not perfect.
Have you asked for r / vofinances?
You should find a world ready to help you.
I'm the bikes and pedestrians that I can scan...
Keep this article of Marde?
Who says that my freeway is not full?
You need to launch a counter-sub.
What makes me most laugh is that she was shit against the shit, that we would not know this here, that it's not Quebecois.
She has never eat soup pop in sugar cane, she's?
and she claims to be keeping a Quebec culture culture?
I think that for the moment, all are of me... I hope we will quickly get rid of Mr. Popo.
r / Dego-yourlife
Bh no, the 60 rings it was 40 years old..
To remind you: we're told that the anti-ascendant law will finally serve to stop the bad asshole.
It is therefore necessary.
What we won't remember: crimes of aggression against physical person, aggression against the forces of order, voluntary violence, the destruction of public furniture, coups and injuries exist.
That the blatant crime is admissible as proof.
That the judge can already ordered pre-emptive arrests if evidence of conspiracy of violent violence is made, like an appeal on Facebook, thanks to all the arsenal of the state of emergency that has integrated into the law.
So what is the need for this new, extremely libertarian, authoritarian and dictatorial law to stop the cassers?
When such a law prevents the freedom to protest without order of a judge, when the procedural recourse can only be exercised with the assistance of a lawyer post post so that a judge assesses the correctness of the measure, that the so-called appeal can last years with presumption of guilt in the meantime, when such a law hinders individual liberties, who can support it?
The sandwich is not worse.
Post-hubert poutine is national pride
It's easy to shit but harder
The Model3 is not 100k (<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> °)
Ha ha!
It's true.
More seriously, I think that Gerber, this pronouncement Guerbère and is a brand of Swiss couses.
Nothing.
rivalry is not mutual you know, I don't know if Italians know it.
And then, well, France's role in Africa or criticize the government good... It's things we know where we're already criticizing (a safe haven, Macron is our favorite sport for example).
If they want to shock us you have to do it on other things because there are people who don't care about it.
It's not even a subject here the pipes they send us.
Also, you go after the American and English french, so we're starting to have a hard brush.
And then it's counter-natural.
Nah... until proof of the opposite, you're Canadian because Quebec is not a country I don't know anything, I hope.
In my country (the real one not imaginary) Also, we're looking for sick people and we do not let women give birth in the street whether they are foreign or not but it's not about that here.
To answer your question, it hurts me absolutely nothing on a personal level but if I was a woman on the point of birth or an immigrant waiting for my citizenship, it would disturb me.
I think that in China, India and the United States they know about a radius in terms of delivery and I don't think they need our help for it.
I notice that you don't seem to have much to say to the woman of Richmond...
TV and press, I eliminated it for a long time.
The internet, no press either.
Youtube, I write entertainment videos of the kind of squezy or videos of skate, or information on technical subjects like the chain or guy gives the news of space, or the science surprising.
So it's safe from all the propaganda I think.
Well, I see that you take the flight without the slightest argument even though mine is very clear.
Mage, being me even very liberal (despite what you say), I would have liked to know your counter-arguments to enrich my considerations on the subject.
Shit, as usual, you're not smart enough to say.
I would like to see a little more liberals on this sub, but unfortunately your contributions are not really.
Let me ask you a question, a bit of a burden, but it will take you 1 minute to answer it.
You say that a carbon tax won't work because the population would reject it.
Illustration, yellow belts.
So my question is: when do you make such an affirmation, is it bad faith or ignorance?
Macron tax the poor and redistributs the rich.
It's strictly the opposite of that the consensus says to do.
It's not because Macron says it's a carbon tax that it is.
So, your "knowledge" in economics did not allow you to see Macron's file?
Ignorance?
Or else you know very well the yellow nails do not oppose the carbon tax as described by the consensus but you pretend to confuse the two in any bad faith?
Help pleads me because I don't understand your position.
/ r / tssssssssaiie
Saint-Benny.
The best of both worlds.
/ r / lostressed
What's your secreet
Every two days shit white skin (without it doing too bad, if it hurts too badly) and reapplies the acid.
Then again.
When you see a black thing, it's a good sign that the vert is creaking, normally after a few grubbits grubbing up / reapplying the black thing ends up breaking with the skin and the shit is left.
Mixed.
Nah, it's the good old models, just renovated and equipped with "sharkles" (because the Boeing patent expired).
The point of LMAD is that modern antiracists are bad, not nice radical radical ones with moderate whites whereas MLK was sweet with them with them.
It's bullshit.
King was radical, and predicted radical actions that disturbed, and the whites knew it.
King wouldn't be a center-centric lamb, it was an anti-imperalist, often anti-capitalist one that understood the inconvenience of direct militant action, popular or not.
It's hypocritical and historic to use it as an example of mediety, he would have spilled * boys * on your media.
> They destroyed social dialogue.
This is the asshole who downvotes me just because he doesn't agree with me.
\\\\ s
However on Fesse-Bouc: in politics too there are hooded corpses...
Yes I know Hermes but it never stolen <unk> <unk> by the way they did A5 with the banner of Hermes, but the shuttle never stolen!
The closest one we have of a plating vehicle is the IXV but it's narrow for people, and no capsule has ever been really fined and man-raid.
Hence the phrase "Europe has never had a habited program"
Unfortunately there was no choice (it was a feeling of ourery, like bitch) but I agree that it would have made even more beautiful lines
> tell me if you find an effective political entity somewhere that comes up in less than two months.
You transform the question.
I didn't ask for what is a political movement.
Just that they learn to protest in the legality, without provoking a break, that they learn to clean their classrooms who muddy their message.
Then, if you really want to talk about political movement, even if it makes me hurt to do the job, you have to recognize that they went fast.
> Especially since because of politics, it's what I've explained, it's a movement that has created itself in the mistrust of representation.
> We reap the will of our political classes to limit democracy to the vote.
representation is not the result of the wishes of current policies.
It goes back much further and it is difficult to circumvent for a country of the size of France.
And especially the maintenance of the traditional operation of the 5th republic was privileged by the majority of French people who had the opportunity to vote for a candidate who proposed an opening to a 6th republic with less representation, professional assemblies, etc... (not perfect, but the least worst candidates in my opinion).
So no, if we're still in the same system (shit, we agree) it's because of a people's choice.
It's childish to put the blame on the policies.
Where then you have to explain why rather than accusing.
> police forces must respect a graduated response and not aim for the head.
We agree on this, and there are some bad elements in the police who may have done it.
But I sincerely think that in such a confusion you can find yourself touching the high part of someone without being aiming for this place.
And it's true that there will be laisseurs for the police and that it's not normal.
> The police work is also to protect the population and also the one that manifests.
Can she really protect the GJ's GJ if the protests are not declared?
What do they give him the means to do the job they ask him?
Is there not a certain complacency on the GJ with regard to the ascendants and a desire to break with the forces of order?
> They destroyed social dialogue.
That's the asshole who downvotes me just because he doesn't agree with me.
We can obviously not even argue his point of view on an anonymous forum without being silenced by the first guy who does not support his question.
> It's horrified by the lack of organization and the violence that it generates.
Is it true?
I think they don't care.
This is the tax of French people who will pay for repairs.
Not the policies whose salaries are not subject to tax, nor the super-rich who put this in tax havens.
I think they're getting tired of seeing that the popular classes and the middle class are rife in favor of the elite.
On the other hand, if he shoots nickbacks in Marlene Schiappa after he put his hands on the ass for having lost the fiber whining challenge to try and forget the homophobic joke not funny, it could try to see a play... maybe.
> Rachline or Bay.
For me they are second knife, we saw all Philipies who had a much stronger impact on the RN, since then the guy is dead politically.
I think that the only one that can possibly release Marine is Maron and it is clear that she can make a card.
You really snewflake for a lmao image.
It's funny, because all of a sudden, to a letter.
I take this opportunity to do the promotion of / r / ivrevirgule
The "Tire-sur-finger"
But unfortunately, on the other hand, the card has the season, it's well worth I paid 100 euros there.
/ r / personadandé + / r / jesuistacacidier = / u / Strittaje
The article was false, it's rather 25k.
And any automatic action must be validated by a moderator.
In this case it will hit other wine regions. <unk> <unk> <unk>
I understand, my redditygift conspiracy has taken a while too to step back.
He is silent on his prayer: "Oh Grand Ouin-Yeah, let's keep us in the dark" and tabloids.
It's my guy.
There are two ways to draw attention: to be the highest vote or the most downvoted voted.
Thanks for having contributed.
I think that the SQDC would have competition and that your plan will never be approved by the government of Quebec (CAQ, Free, PQ, QS).
As for cotton with the oil liner maybe?
I'm in the same situation, dev for 6 years, it's been 2 years since I can't find the motivation, I'm going to last the job and spend a lot of time reading articles or trainer on Reddit.
The worst is that my company is happy with me.
I lost the interest of the job, a new project will motivate me a few weeks and then nothing.
Fucking of worries about my elder, it is addicted to the social networks WhatsApp and snapshat.
I'm going to abuse and limit by the live-box.
She told me that r / france was a network of old idiots.
> It's just that spoiler alert: they're not going on sites like Reddit.
And at the same time, I would have had a hard time advise someone to do more trust in guys on a forum than to a professional professional, medical diplomat.
Because if he's going on Doctissimo I don't give him a long time to live:)
Apart from that, the last time I went to a pharmacy: "Hello, I'm going to go on a trip and I would like a repulsive against mosquitoes.
- Yes, we have classic sprays.
But otherwise, we have that, it's homeopathy, you take a tablet and the mosquitoes are laughing.
- From homeopathy?
Against the mosquitoes?
- Yes yes.
And I tried, it works!
And when I was a small one, my family doctor was also prescribing it!
Well, at least I can say that from my personal experience, it really doesn't help these things;)
In short, the unease is deep...
There was not a video in horizontal, the other day that talked about the stressed effect?
But yes!
"ah it was badly used!
But the weapon is not in question! "
We would think between the NRA on the streams.
r / right
Wednesday I ended * * A short time of time * * fire Stephen Hawking.
As much as three-quarters of the book made me feel smart because I understood everything, so the end got me wrong - you shouldn't give up a paragraph in the short road, or else start again!
I'm sure it will be repeated in VO, the story of seeing if it's because of the translation.
This morning I started * * The Omber of power * *, the first book of the "Bendar of Kosigan" cycle of Fabilen Cerutti.
From fantasiy history, which quotes G.R.R. Martin and Jaworski as influences.
In a few pages I'm not going to go too far to judge the rain, but so far I like it!
The format of very short chapters is perfect for reading in transportation anyway.
Lisé did not make really mistakes, the PQ finished the same score as they commented on the campaign.
There was a slow climb of 24-25% on the 3 in debate and the PQ returned to the 17-18% week.
I'm still perplexed when Lisée came out during the 3m debate.
He could have played it scoooh and maybe the PQ could have climbed back to the 26-27%, see to the CAQ the position of those who can beat the PLQ but the pro-CAQ narrative was firmly installed since the Paris-Hebert partial.
The Lisée plan did not market.
People don't want a progressive democratic alternative.
Those who vote on the left went to QS and Mondays of Teregood to the CAQ.
He stayed in PQ for pure and hard sovereignists.
I just hope that we learned that, the time to be reasonable is over, QS has collected the young people by offering the most half-baked program that I saw of my life.. I already see the media that are starting to put us Hiright before the scene, not that I don't like it.
You have to go to independent independence, let's take a step back and accept that we won't take power in 2022.
2 cents.
Tartarin
He completely escaped me but I didn't have all the notions to understand some of them (well there was no internet at the time).
Shit for me he got better
MEpreIS2Klass
At reading, in a neutral text, I think it's by far preferable to read the text that makes it quite clear that the genders can only read the bigenre or non-gendered.
The idiot (he or she), tttles (tastes or oncle), cheese (brother or sister) make reading very difficult, while we have the chance to speak French with a rich vocabulary that helps avoid these words * easy * * easy *
How do I use the official mobile app to reapply a comment?
There is a lot of support for the upturn, but it's impossible to replicate, and it's annoying.
> So nothing statues on the [Brexit in general] for now, if I understand correctly.
Make
> ls take jobs that young French people do not want to exercise.
Well, no.
They take the salaries that bosses do not want to give a French.
The rengé of the Job-Quy-Fy-Frenchs-wouldn't want to be a bastard imagined by the bourgeois who have never shot foot in a job.
> I would like to know how it's to find a job in the field in Quebec? (salary / requirements in general).
It's the job shortage in Quebec and very easy to find work, even with "just" a DEC. If for example you want to be developer .Net you wouldn't wait for long.
The salary will vary much according to the employer: SMEs, Government, consultants' firms, etc.
You lose nothing to send your CV to know more.
That said, I invite you to look at the general package.
One of my regrets is to have worked at the beginning of the career in poorly organized SMEs with not that interesting salaries and no pension funds or other benefits.
Many SMEs boast about having a cool culture but will propose ridiculous salary increases every year.
Take time to store, the market is at your advantage!
> And if someone did a Dec-Bac path in IT, is it what it's worth continuing?
I have the same profile and I never regret having a Bac.
The only thing is that in retrospect, I would have liked to make software engineering because it's more applied to what I like.
The Bac in Info in Laval, at the time at the very least, had a lot of more theoretical classes that were not so interesting.
As for the Bac vs. DEC it really depends on what you want to do in the longer term.
It's not everyone who demands it, but having a Bac opens up more doors if you want to go one day Architecte or do the management of projects or other management positions.
Hey not if you have other questions, I'm in Quebec and I know the market well to recruit for more than 10 years (well, it's old).
It comes from the FB page "GC Shiitposting 3000", which is, I have to say, pretty high quality.
FRANCIIS!
Thinking about it: the pass is, human traffic is innachable.
One day you will have to realize that you are in a self-destructive process of overturning values.
By legitimizing the illegal entry to the country you will destroy it, but who knows, you probably need to make our society look like so dysfunctional that it provokes the desire of the third world.
> He danced on music <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> guy guys?
Put it right
Firefox has a very bad reputation in terms of memory flight.
So much better for you if it's going well for you.
You just shit about people who talk about their problem Windows saying that you have a better OS?
dear r / BringbakMarchais, dear communist friend, you should also post on the massacres perpetrated by your communist comrades in the past.
We start by putting our own house in order.
CQFD <unk> <unk>
It always depends on how much people are looking for.
A poor "tor + VPN + bitcoin obtained via giftcards bought by intermediary" will largely be enough for the average guy or guy who wants to buy drugs on the internet.
But a real anonymous anonymity amounts to leading a double life, a lot of money and time, and the slightest mistake can make you jump.
No, there is not.
Get your hand in a laser uv, it's cold and you will have cancer in 5 minutes.
Because the solar radionnaux is high, it's hot... there are uv uv, but it's decoupled.
The average French who does ski is just as crazy as cancerous at the end of the day, and yet he didn't get warm.
First, I'm not very offended.
I simply think it's lack of sensitivity towards the victims and especially their family.
My indignation is more about the author of the images who wanted to make money with, I imagine.
I can only speculate on his real motives.
You can imagine having tragically lost one or loved ones and seeing pictures in a fiction work.
Not a reconstruction of so-called events to the news, not a documentary, not a film on the subject but something completely detached.
People who give psychological and moral support to survivors always advise to avoid news news for several weeks.
There are too big events to avoid them completely, like 11 September mentioned earlier.
The families of the victims of 9 / 11 didn't watch * Flight 93 *, nor the French documentary on firemen, nor the film with Nic Cage, etc.
But if we used images of towers that scared into a movie on the apocalyptic, they would be right to feel violated or insulted.
For the Bird Box case, is it a sequence of what, barely 2 seconds, and again?
But it's a bad trigger for someone who has lost his family in a monster accident and tries to dissect himself with a good suspense of horror so that in the middle of the movie he can see the explosions that took his wife or his children or his friends...
The problem is that fiction paresse makes gestures insensitive to their producers.
It's not easy to make an explosion of this intensity and it costs an arm.
Why not take a true?
Well, maybe "because people died there" could weigh a bit more in the balance.
No, clearly.
It must be said that it's mostly popular with extreme right-wing nationalist parties.
What like other parties for a frexit?
And then these two years have at least proven the difficulty of negotiating agreements with 1 to 27.
Try saying "this, but not ironically"
From his writings Bock-Côté tries to polarize whites and to dissociate black people.
Well seen for some apply!
And well answered for iOS...
Only if you want, for example, to install Spotify but that you do not want it to have a list of contacts, Spotify will not work...
Not everything is really replaced.
You're going to tell me, for pumps, that Deezer exists among others.
I want POTIFIFY and nothing else... Well you're easy..
> the PQ was in power or the angles were shitteric
The Francos were also hysterical, let's keep your head in the sand...
The movement's creator is an unconditional fan of E.Macron.
English-speakers have died.
TEN TIY, TUE ME FEDEDNACK AVEC TUY THEN-PENNE
At the same time, being in Barcelona does not mean heat all over the year.
It's a port city, after all.
(The guy of my oncle lives in an old building, in the center of Barcelona, thermal insulation is rotten then he also sweet in winter and probably shares your pain)
I'm going beyond your reflection.
I don't care about people's ideas.
I think it's legitimate to have a fear against the immigration of people from other continents with other cultures and how to see the world.
It is even normal to see this from wild people, it's a completely human reaction to preservation.
What is not like you or familiar awaken a fear, a curiosity seeing a rejection.
Especially when he can see some of the problems related to immigration (the examples he gives).
I find it legitimate for a population to have fears about immigration.
And I find it less legitimate to make fun of it.
> These are not arguments, it's mapping.
He repeats, repeats and repeats again, once again, when something annoys him, makes it express not to understand what bothers him for the sole purpose of mapping out a message.
Sometimes he has interesting arguments.
And he is interested in a subject that is close to him.
We do not judge people who regularly post on ecology for example, even though they hold them to heart.
After shit, the debates are something else, everyone can interpret things differently.
> He repeats, repeats again and repeats [...] for the sole purpose of mapping out a message.
Ah, please, another xenophobic girlfriend!
Unbelievable, you multiply yourself!
We must fear the big replacement? ".
> It's like the pub.
When you say, repeat, that in such a store it is cheaper, that there is such a reduction, etc.; it's not arguments.
The goal of the message is not to be an argument.
The goal is to exist, and to occupy space.
Here we can agree.
> There's no background.
There is nothing other than the expression of a deep hatred of those he identified as foreigners.
I think there is a background.
He thinks that immigration is not something that he thinks is stupid.
So he tries to draw attention to what seems important to him and the negative side.
Not on that he has a problem with people in particular (like a more French immigrant than French) but with the principle of multi-culturalism, demography, religion.
In truth, I know nothing but it speaks to me in this sense.
I'm going back a quotation that I saw one day on the forum to support my first point (fortunately I remember the author's name).
> The oldest attitude, and which is probably based on solid psychological foundations since it tends to reappear at home when we are in an unexpected situation, is to completely repudiate cultural forms: moral, religious, social, atheistic, which are the most remote from those we identify with.
"wild wild", "it's not at home", "we shouldn't allow it", etc..., so many gross reactions that reflect this same fucking, this same repulsion in the presence of ways to live, believe or think who are foreign.
So antiquity was confusing everything that was not part of Greek (then go-Roman) culture under the same name of barbarians; western civilization then used the term wild in the same direction.
However, behind these epithets is hiding the same judgment: it is probable that the barbaric word refers eymologically to the confusion and inarticulation of birds birds, which are opposed to the meaning value of human language; and wild, which means "forest," also mentions a kind of animal life as opposed to human culture.
[...] > This attitude of thought, in the name of which we reject "wild" (or all those we choose to consider as such) outside humanity, is precisely the most striking and instinctive attitude of these very savages.
[...] > Humanity stops at the borders of the tribe, of the linguistic group, sometimes even of the village; so much so that a large number of so-called primitive populations refer to a name that means "men" (or sometimes - will we say with more discretion?), "good ones", "pies", "complete", and so they're at best composed of "bad", 'bad', '' banners
We often go so far as to deprive foreigners of this last degree of reality by making a "ghost" or "appearance".
So there are curious situations where two interlocutors give themselves a sober response.
In the Grandes Antilles, a few years after the discovery of America, while the Spaniards were sending investigative committees to find out if the native had a soul, they used to immerse white whites, to check, through prolonged monitoring, if their corpse was or not subject to the punch.
[...] > By refusing humanity to those who appear like the most "wild" or "barbarians" of its representatives, we only have to borrow one of their typical attitudes.
The barbage is first the man who believes in barbarity.
> * * When we study such facts - and other areas of civilisation, such as social institutions, art, religion, would easily provide similar ones - we'll have to ask ourselves if human societies do not define themselves, given their mutual relations, by a certain optimization of diversity beyond which they can't go, but below which they can't go down without danger either.
> More diversity, and it's the relationship with other cultures that are compromised.
Less diversity, and it's every culture in itself that is in danger.
[...] Too many differences, and the gap becomes insurmountable; not enough, and identity dies.
* * > I protest against the language abuse by which, more and more, we're just confusing racism with normal, legitimate attitudes, even, in any case, inevitable.
Racism is a doctrine that claims to see in the intellectual and moral character attributed to a group of people the necessary effect of a common genetic heritage.
We can't condone under the same heading, or automatically to the same prejudice the attitude of individuals or groups that their loyalty to certain values makes partially or totally insensitive to other values.
He is not guilty of placing a way of living and thinking about it above all the others and having little attraction towards such or such people whose kind of life, respectable in itself, is far away from the one we are traditionally attached to.
This relative incommunicability may even represent the price to pay for the systems of values of each spiritual family or each community to continue, and find in their own funds the resources necessary for their renewal.
If, as I wrote elsewhere, there is a certain diversity of diversity between human societies beyond which they can't go, but below which they can't come to a safe end, we must recognize that this diversity results for a large part of the desire of each culture to oppose those who environment, to distinguish themselves from them, in a word of being themselves: they don't know, go on the occasion, but not permeate.
> The company knew.
They knew they knew
WHAT THE FUCK DUDES!
It's certain that it's easier to say than to do, but a company that leaves it deserves you to resign.
Not for people who oppose you.
So the liquid glass doesn't have molecules.
In fact, the sun is very dangerous behind a slightly annoying sky, because IR / UVs are getting on the ground without you being suspicious.
You know, these days when you cry the eyes because the sky is really lubdy even though we do not have the sun.
We say special adviser from the Élysee.
For the moment, he's on the beginning.
We can also say the choice DSK-boy, or even guy with whom Macron wanted to set up a cultural startup if he wouldn't win the presidential elections.
Or ex de Havas.
And then, it might not be bad either.
It's already good that we understand nothing about the message because of it.
> The White Lords that screw freedom of expression.
It's not sure that they're crying out in France the white laden edges like you say.
You have other subjects that interest them more.
This subject is really an americo-americhe subject.
/ r / ocus / / r / gopo / / r / ÉatChevapAnHealthy /
Of course, but it was (norstingly) punished by the law.
Not strong, even if it's more or less recent.
Moreover, financed by Videtron, the government of Quebec and the Canada government.
was by André Sauvé and the entire generic team...
In connection with RBO: just like RBO, today if we give the collaborators of this sketch to express themselves, I'm not a bad guy that they will not defend bec and soul what they're doing.
After all, society is changing, we won't be the same sketch today... Tk I hope...
> Partial torment. I looked for a moment...
Especially since the aircraft used massively.
LCD < CRT, laptop < desktop ATX, LED bullshit < fine.. from memos for frigos and maybe the washing xxxx
It's deleted.
On the other hand it's not the first time you're taken back for the spam of links with demands for moderation in comments rather than ports and / or moderators.
Last warning about this.
Completely Infograpist, she has bases in dev and she is a graphist, the best combo if she search another job in the IT.
But there is a need for training.
Otherwise she tracks the algorithm on her free time, I'm sure she will arrive there.
Ah, anyway...
The FI has less than 10%... the "support for the GJ" is really nice and all rotten.
If you don't vote against francophone, you're not an angyphone.
But no, Just the CRS / GM / Baquux that shoot up a face with their maimtic weapons below the regulatory distance, those who annoy several on women and men on the ground, those who follow idiots with idiots by a mass hierarchy and a minister at strawberry.
Their first claim is Macron Demiston' '
> It's not always wonderful for owners either.
Whatever happens, the owners are still owners of the building; it makes them a capital with which they can borrow to invest and thereby have more money.
That they have at least the decency of not annoying...
All the same, I'm pretty happy (after 1 year with Freemobile for about the same offer and the same price but not the same network).
Keep a newspaper.
Put yourself, every time.
At the end, it's the one with the best documentation that earns.
This is clearly advice.
We're Saturday morning.
You call yourself in a second state and start preparing you "I'm still late in the college!"
You arrive at the semi-deserted places, the ring has already been retented.
As you go into the building, you cross the main "Ah madbirle Bubu, finally!
But don't worry, you're waiting in A108! "
Four to four, you set up the marches.
A108?
You don't remember such a room, by the way by thinking about it, this whole institution is unknown.
How did you arrive here, first?
You were at home, late... and after?
Nothing makes sense.
At the next turning point will be the A108, you know it in your interior.
You're hosting a moment in front of the door.
You can hear voices, chairs of chairs, then an adulthood ordering silence.
The course is apparently starting, maybe you're not so late that after all!
You're punching into the room... Your simple presence order the silence asked a little earlier.
The students are setting and the adult is pushing a sigh of relief by seeing you "ah here, they're all to you!"
He leaves the room, leaving you alone in the face of a 12-year-old children.
You are banned.
A student sitting in the first row takes up your hand.
By reflex, you make a sign of saying "What are we going to study today, Madam?"
You have a naux.
What is happening?
No, no!
I can't work for national education! Free Forum - 2019-01-22 hints: / / ww.reddit.com / r / france / France / comment / airx62 / forum _ _ free _ 200122 / 03
-- Your rotten / 10.
Thanks to everyone.
You're a friend.
And you, the assholes, give me this shit.
Do you have any eggs?
A European list of GJ by Levavasser has also been confirmed.
I'm from North so this part was interesting, I don't know the entire country at all, but I doubt it was a bit caricatural!
(same thing for Welcome with Ches xD).
Apparently, this author likes the Basque country, I saw that another of his novel was going down too.
I'll go on St. Eleraised after finishing Rwind, thanks for the advice:)
Great French schools do not have the criteria to fight in the same classes.
That's why Paris-Tech or Paris Saclay were created, to make a Faculé of the Harvard scale...
> According to the article you shared, he doesn't have a tambag in front of the mouth but seeks to interrogate between those who insult children and children.
In the complete video we can still see exactly that the Indian, who is a democrat, comes in the middle of young people and kicks on his stamps in the ears of the young in question.
If he had done that in front of the young black people it would have shit.
lausurdupe - > pedalers (yeah)
It's a method of establishing all those who are not Brunet as necessarily being manipulated or creulated against the FLN because of "leftist", while refuting their qualifications, says extremely long on your ideology.
Your accusations blame each other's mistakes, rely only on links that only have a rather light relationship (the first links with their content) with the subject.
You say to your sources what they don't say, and I showed you (except on the Brunet blog that supports Brunet's opinion (surprise!), and the other payer).
Why shit when you don't do it yourself?
comment that corrects sympathies
Nobody posted a "r / suitparistings", surprised.
I'm really confused... I always get downvoted the posts and the comments...
Pretty but when?
With or without the parents' agreement?
And the child?
And children's rights?
I have people in my entourage who have between 16 and 18 years old.
Are they considered as a child?
I'd be homophobic because I'm going to "go back" in the kidnapping gender dysporia?
While I'm attracted by feminine?
idiotic.
This sub-reddit doesn't even have a germ of talk about abstract work and unbundling and is therefore intrinsically conservative.
Moreover, the voting system is pushing for consensus and discourages the arrival of minority ideas, new source of conservatism.
>! Sorry! <
It's enough at least to check if it turns on your computer and let you lay some ground.
It's not, but a lot of games can end in 10-15h game, you need to set a limit.
I think that all these behaviors that you're drunk will be erased over time if we'll have more anonymity.
We'll be much more understanding, more amicable with people in trouble (even if we can be more careful than if we don't know their extension), the festime will perhaps be so commonplace that no one is paying attention to it and the abusive faculty can't spit because... it's not anonymity and we can know that it's stagnating.
Edit: I know that it's hard to see further, because in the short term we will have abuse probably.
But in the long term I think we have plenty to gain.
Well, is it really good to be proud of his ancestors and company but what about his achievements?
This person obviously still has everything to prove.
Personally, tomorrow I can go and go and watch our monuments is something other than a kitchen in the jungle. I'm still unable to build a hut but to erase a monument.
Let's understand the attitude of those who attack it is contemptible but to answer it by losing its cold blood with a rethorum that for the retardants who have after it validated their ideas is not clever.
There is nothing healthy in a debate where you post as an argument to watch what the whites did without them, the world would be nothing.
In the same way that there is nothing healthy to refuse to study authors or part of the story for reasons like we find in the article.
> So, speaking of race in France, it's the first step of racism but it's not racism.
Uh, so the first step to be racist is not a racket...
And then you can say "race" has the tv / newspapers or even the radio, we will say "original"..
They are doing a competition of the biggest asshole with Moudenc infiltrated copies.
Yes but seriously parké your because on the edge of the road.
> In the openings of powder boxes to be lifted.
Aster there must take a look at the pot blankets of cherry from Morocco, the head-opener who is all rendered the gateau Vachon
<unk>
Already more than the inventory at the SQDC lol lol
Yeah and I'm already starting to get down to the bottom, it's nice you have not become insensitive, thanks for the iffelists!
Eneeeet, I'm completely stuck with cliché <unk>\ _ (<unk>) _ / <unk>
We do not allow this kind of stuff on the subreddit because::
1.
2.
When you have days 7h-23h...
The problem is that she never said no, always "I'm too sorry I can't..."
But I interpret it as a no
Still = 2 times
Still nothing, she did not come back to me.
I'm not going to start today, I'm afraid that it shows too much that I want to leave (my official discourse is "I want to stay, now if you want me to leave you will have to pay").
I would relax tomorrow at worst, put you a remorse for tomorrow afternoon:)
The drunk libertarians and their pathetic reflex.
At least Fred dubbled out outside radio-can, that makes my eyes correct.
A very nice faith in the Sainte-Relief, the same one that revealed the speech of the ordinary General Assembly of the diets in training in training Grand Schism.
This speech, which was saying to Saint Benedict from the apostle that all the jubilation of the beautiful herd announcing the oscar is at the mercy of the misery that the leafy of the Saint-seinger is in the judgment of our babies.
The concise II of the Eiscocoal Jean XXIII collegiate has canonised the shitty of the riddine rite according to the Latin synoof of the pontificate.
The bishops resuscitated the ecclesiastical pastorality of the triddile missions of Emdams and Saint-François, as the neo-meritodician theologists have validated, which went through there and which obviously makes it fun.
IMN the manipulative, ministerial magistrate as we can see it here is directly controversial with Saint Kevin of Galle, says the Saint Quqou, the reformer church Bern-Jura-Soler will have more trouble getting back to the taste of the non-anamnetic excessis of exotic oecumisms.
Or more clearly for everyone, if habeas corpus you can only quotaise mouthpieces fluctuate nc shit (inspired by unknown people - hermetic languages)
r / nocontext
IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT IT GOOG GOG GUILLLLLING
We should ask the uberbechrale waffengramgmarziscuit head of death above.
Just to be sure.
It looks like a shitty job to manage this subreddit anyway.
I don't want them.
Good but your article is that rewriting statements quoted by anonymous opponent.
It's not really worth it.
I want a source with figures on prison, the joke reason that the number of deaths, by whom and why.
To be sure: we find Cergy's Pref as a symbol of modernity in a fictional city (but in the spirit it's Dlas, US of A and all the tall) of the film I like Icere.
(Top movie in passing)
> Mise-day: Come on pcq Radio-Canada Information has written an article about the falsehood of its images hijacked; I'm really crazy.
Do you really insist on the veracity of the 2 photos?
I never denied having quickly found these two glaciers on Facebook, making a show in less than 10 minutes on PicMonkey for the kick to illustrate a concept.
> But Radio-Canada hasn't seen fit to question me before shout about plot (Hahahahahaha, vivid the media that talk about real affairs... (sic)... seriously, if you just have time to read a single text today, read Le Devoir; the article
> Having known that this will become viral, (wf, shit me how it happened), I would have spent a little more time on it.
(but I'm not paid, I'm not paid; all this graphic work is volunteering... LOL): P But woly again if the glaciers are not original?!
Their mission is to illustrate something!
You manage to see "the big pie?!"
> The idea is to understand the urgency of an energy revolution and to think about human stupidity (melting glaciers, deforestation, the scale of tar sands, animal carnage, industrial monoculture, oligarchy, social class gap, etc.) TOUT has increased for 10 years.
Whether it's condescension on ridiculous subjects like 'kick to illustrate a concept', the use of the word 'fucking' 'in a title, of the fusion English, the obvious desire for self-promotion.
> For the fact that Quebecois are nice or not, everything depends on the attitude you have by traveling.
Yes, I already saw more of them, but still the fact that the Quebecois stay in my top 3 side nice.
Dur to define.
You have people who are very warm at first, but you'll never have any connection other than the surface with them.
While you are less warm at the beginning but it ends up making friends for life.
I think the Quebeckers are more in the 2nd category, while the ROC is more of the first say according to my experiences.
It depends or you will also go.
A spender on Sunday after noon is not like a show during the peak hour.
Yes it's so much the biggest problem for France the unemployed.
Not the funds managed in rotten projects, not the jobs that serve nothing, not the lack of means of health and justice, and I'm doing it.
Clearly a few unemployed who abuse it is a bigger problem, I'm sure that it's these people who make billions lose each year.
Why do you not assume your untolerant words where there's no tolerance?
It's a shame.
I like their service and their mobile application.
But I imagine that the taxi lack has not helped their profitability, because the demand is there.
We will end up with the 1) taxing everything at the rotten service of diamonds / coop / hochelaga / etc or 2) a shitty company like UBR.
Je <unk>
But in a country that is proportionately richer.
But continue to bet on the stats and continue to vote for the same representatives if you find that the "situation has improved".
It's your most absolute right\ [Edit: and since the poverty threshold is a relative measure, we can continue this methodological debate for a long time: -)\\ n
I just hope that this way of thinking about inequalities will be less and less widespread.
The context plays a lot but let's try!
1 - 3: Yes.
For the 3, the context is still crucial.
4: A debate / proof from a judicial point of view, in function I imagine the influence of X on Y. But well, if it's not a murderer, it's collusion of murder / accessory to meter / yeah down down muthfucka for me.
5: There's no 5 shit, I'm disappointed.
6: grey area, I imagine that by studying the level of awareness of the risks (like is it X unconsciously or we heard it say "it's going to die again and I don't care"), we can consider the murder.
7 - 9: no, but it's a high level 2.
10: no, it's fun but the relationship of cause is too difficult to establish.
11: It's much too uncertain.
It is absolutely impossible to guarantee that an action will not lead to the death of anyone, just as the opposite is the paspeon effect.
So you'll always arrive at scenarios where you can argue that despite the potential for the death of some people, other more creditable actions on paper would in the end come up with the same risk.
My answer specifically targeted the Cresaid Investigation Research, not all aid to the private sector.
Having said that, I am a little disappointed with the downvotes received on my comment (I do not target you specifically), while I was only giving an opinion in a respectful way.
If you pass your product of X + 3 to X + 236, or your product is already expensive and the price increase to compensate for the tax won't be felt by consumers or it will be too important for consumers to continue to offer them and look back to an alternative.
If you want to lower demand to increase "only" by 1,5 ° C, does it not be better to make sure that the practices that jeopardise this objective are no longer possible?
Do you want to continue to make profit until it is possible at all?
We already see the federal taxes.
> He won't, and he knows it very well.
Verdict: He is selling a small crisis to annoy the patriots, a story to convince them to continue not to vote PQ in the next election.
It was also a promise of the PQ.
But for Legult it's a more important promise because its thesis is that we can go and look for all the powers we need in Ottawa without independence.
So either Ottawa ceases.
Either we take them as a force like Duplayesis did.
But this government doesn't have the right to keep the status quo or it will be with the same referendum position as Pauline Maris.
What do you mean "what's" turning into "neck"?
The official campaign of the European Union is going to be a big nicknawak
Gozer the Vyager will arrive in a pre-elected form!
During the rectification of Vuldronai, the Vyager appeared like a big, moving Torb.
Then, during the third reconciliation of the last solicitors Méketerx, they chose a new form: the one of a giant Shloar!
Many Shubs and Zuuls knew they were going to be in the depths of the Shloar on that day, I can tell you.
It was not a vote of MEPs?
Because blaming LREM for a vote of the European Member or they have never been elected, it would be weird.
We can launch a third under, where we put the times where the moderators have left something we like well, or shit something we don't like.
You could call it / r / College / College!
The prophecy is that technology is developing it and that the cold will be more like a bittery problem.
But in any case, it's guaranteed 8 years, a test of tea.
And it doesn't cost $40,000 $40,000 for 3 years.
In short, the current price of battery replacement is not important. If really it's 40k again in 10 years when you need to change you can just sell the test and buy another car at this price in the 10th year the electrics cats will cost $80,000, I'm packed on what is the best solution for now.
The primary goal of Elon Musk is to get rid of the battery cat.
In the end, it's factory battery will always be more or less safe because everyone will need battery.
What's the colonon who really thinks about this guy?
Meme the most social rock in the most social justice. Warrior-antifa that is "beating" for the miners.
r / photoshopping
Edit: I got it wrong.
I was talking about paste in Marseille
It's rendered ontarien for two years.
A cane god dug it costs $900. That's what the second argument is a raw menteau doing in Quebec for $1000 it's all reasonable, you have to evaluate the cost at cost when you talk about clothes.
It's on that it's first but the duvlet manteers are luxury it's worse.
The fact is that we're talking about Patrick Lagacé here he has largely the means to buy a quartz or a Kanuk for example.
It's sure that if you're not super liquid, you don't have the choice to buy things more cheaply / meum / maid in chine and it's all commendable.
The best thing to do if you have some cash is to buy old covercoat in the wool on kijiji. That cost $80 it's not bad and it keeps it warm.
It's almost worse!
My anceter was a Roman slave-in.
I'm following the Cesar salad and any wish for Cesar are racist!
And the Casaar Palace a real anthem with the climbage Roman, the fight is no longer dead, but a gangrene who represses the patriarchy on the right (inert word, 100 piaste).. / s / s
Upper article.
Frero and / or Delavel
Why you call it crypto-tkie?
She is De Linke but on the type of liberal positions, Varoufakis?
I regress in advance
don't worry me, 4chan or jvc
Lol, I live on La Tuque, the nearest restaurant is Wémountains and it's 120km in wooden paths for the end, let me take rocks because white screw.
I'm going to order online but it's expensive in the same way.
At the internship there's a french competition you can get 7 for $30 from fucking nice pot.
Here it's 10 + the gram.
To buy in oz is not worth it.
I can have an oz of fucking out beautiful weed for $80-100 but the two days I've taken out from my dealer yard 2 cat of police who was waiting around the french block could go back.
Tk makes everything shit.
After the suburbs, the Ecolos, now the calls are trying to land a new whole for their party.
Coast in bec or Scores if I'm fucking off.
Strange, most third world countries cover a significant portion of their foreign currencies through the reactions of their sensors abroad.
It's almost as if they encourage the emigration of their population outbursts that would otherwise go round in circles.
You need to be clear, the right of the soil is exploitable and is exploited to modern means of transport.
The Packers are cursed with the children of the country who explode:
- Danny Granger
- Paul George and his leg
-
After his career is far from being finished, some players find 100% of their level, and the good news for him is that he didn't have done a lot to change his game so as not to rely solely on his explosivity in recent years.
But it's still a shame for Indy that was developing a game that was frankly nice this year.
They can order the fingers of having lost Tyreke Evans this summer, he could have taken the baton (even if it's bad this year)
There is no leader yet.
Maduro is an elected president.
The representative room is an elected chamber that does not go in the same direction as the government, in what kind of dictatorship we see that seriously?
Those who are calling for the opposition and who are in prison are puncist and have taken the path of arms, and even if I consider it to be a justified form of opposition I think the reason for their imprisonment is clear.
How can you refute the result of the May 2018 election that saw Maduro re-elected, but accept that of the legislative, yet organize by the same government?
There is a logic problem here.
And again, it's daring and especially without any basis to say Maduro that he rigged his election, the right and the extreme right boycotted the election the participation rate fell.
There's a dude that got banned because he has a shitty attitude. He complained about / r / metaquebec.
Now the false septic that is / r / metaquebec flies on / r / Quebec
He said that the debate on France 2 did not interest him?
He did not talk about Macron's "great national debate" (or he said he thought it was a superchest)?
Because I can't see Melhe refusing a debate on TV.
Tabarnack is what are you talking about nowadays?
ooooooiaaay.
Give me a lot of stereotypes that we find in this comment.
I'm polite, so I'm not laughing at anyone in recent days when the world (more specifically the media) has broken the "storm of the century".
Come on!
First of all, I already saw worse several times in the year I spent in Bas-Saint-Saint Laurent.
From a person's point of view, I could easily laugh about Quebecois (who could also laugh about Montrealis, because I spent a winter in Montreal too and it was nothing compared to the winter in Quebec).
Secondly, as Albertain, I could laugh from Quebecois that canceled all the plans, sports games, etc.
I didn't laugh, because I understand that it's prudent not to take risks when we are not used to it.
But this storm has been like every other storm in the praises every year.
You live with, and me, I conducted the same conditions in the city, on the highway, in the mountains (the worst) almost always without winter tyres and still in a small car (traction before) and without any incidents.
It's pretty easy, drive not like a idiot and knowing the condition is the road by testing the brakes often and when nobody is close.
Third, I lived in Edmonton several years ago.
It's bullshit your comment.
I admit that the city of Quebec is better than Edmonton (Quebec also gets like 3x the snow), but Edmonton is good in desnow in a crush.
The world is only broken because the small residential streets (whose city has caused too much of the urban floor) are not treated first.
But the city quickly released the roads for buses and other main roads.
They manage snow effectively at Edmonton.
And finally your comment from the British Columbian has many mistakes.
You're talking about Lower Mainland (ie metro Vancouver) and forget that the other one million km / <unk> 2 get a lot of snow, especially in the mountains.
The British people outside Vancouver are quite used.
Better than several in the city.
Also, how many "Chinese" know you from the west?
I don't know the situation in Vancouver too much, but Alberta has a lot of people of Chinese origin including second-generation cabp who are as competent as others because they were born in Alberta.
Life is not impossible, if that's what you want to hear.
But please recommend being in the opposition, that's all.
Imagine that the government in France has to make your allowances dependent or your access to a particular good (like gasoline) to an identity card that would contain a whole lot of information on you as your political orientation, your income, your religion, etc.
Even if it doesn't affect the amount of the unemployed, the government exploits your data as Google would do.
What would you think if Macron announced that tomorrow?
mainstream newspapers are biased against Maduro, that's normal and that is what the majority in the West expect of them.
On the other hand you will have to tell me the false articles of the Monde because it's not very complicated to slander Maduro, its policy is open to criticism and it often gets it to tell some nice bullshit.
Maduro isn't Chain.
It will never lead to the UN to criticize the POTUS with a Chomsky book in hand.
And then the situation in Venezuela goes a little further than "oil = interference in the United States".
It's not entirely false, but it's simplistic and it won't convince many people.
Hi Bienvenue12,
Thank you very much for the compliment, I did indeed set up the site alone, even if I had as a supervisor someone tried with windows who was helping me to solve problems and for my age.... it's a secret secret.
For true since yesterday it has reached other levels.
Several times I have gathered in the main arts of 2 paths every side that becomes 1 path every side, streets that become one at the time, 2 accidents on the same street corner.
Spa, hard messenger, you can imagine how many places a car takes, you leave room and a little more or even easier, separate the street in 2 or 4, take your part, no more.
Ralty has an intersection and put your cry to flasher.
There is no point in getting stuck in lass, you just have more chance to break your bumper (and mine mine).
He claims to an area that contains people inside.
Let me laugh.
I fun her title.
We can make fun of an aspect of a person without making a mockery of it.
This attachment to anachronistic labels and this claim to lead people based on birth is quite ridiculous, so I don't care.
It's very dishonest to claim that all people who refuse to be installed this thing at home do it by conspiracy.
The mistrust (namely, who will use the data raised and how?)
> After all, herbicides are used in cerealian monoculture and funny essentially no?
It's still a very large part of French agriculture.
And pesticides (larger category) are used everywhere, even in fish farming.
> And I'm not convinced that the Fellow bottle offers a better balance sheet in this matter.
I am also against the Fellow food, which is an abomination.
After the pesticide problem, it is that the area concerned is larger than that in the field of culture: dispersion by winds, water...
And also the movie "Behind a door".
Who addresses the subject very well from the point of view of the family of the * hikkomori *.
And with real pieces of Pan American in < 3.
Chuuuuut, you should not say it;).
> I don't know you, but I've never seen a woman saying to a guy something in the kind of "mesh I would have been able to enjoy every night" after a man refused to give his number.
I've "suffered".
Graduous to months of psychotherapy I managed to be able to come out in a night box (/ s) without fear that a family guy obeys me to sue me in the wounds.
She was punching the whisky, it was at the Rokstoere in Montpellier.
Come on not your mess, I know what men want.
# metetoo
Dur to stifle the black market when all the SQDC are empty too... Why go to the SQDC when you often have a greater variety of choices and lower prices in the black market.
Yes, but what about the theory of crap of goats to get rid of the rain?
Father Noel's theory maybe?
* For a theory to be one, you need a list of objective facts that prove that it is possible as valid.
* * * The ruissance is not a theory, it's a crazy tale.
Welcome to us, you will finally be able to charge your videos with 1080p60fps
Are you finding that this text deserves a downvote?
Can you explain to me how you disagree with what he said?
It's a Star Wars male
It's crazy if the fucking is prmedial pr you, the sntns sn.
The karma is points you get when you positions and people click on arrows next to your post.
You have the karma of post, which corresponds to your score compared to the topics created, and karms of comments, which corresponds to your score compared to comments you positions on the subjects.
Je advise to download the extension of RES to see all this more clearly, he also keeps in memory the people you upvoted / downvoted, etc.
Silent gold-platine, it's things you can buy (which serve as a gift to Reddit) and make it possible to increase the visibility of a post / comment that liked you.
The person who gets the gold sees some options / subs open for 1 month.
> But what about the extreme left and communism (past and current, cf Venezuela)?
1 / The "communism" has only been applied in poor countries, whose regimes were unstable, in a violent way, it's to say in situations where * all * the regimes fail.
The minimum to judge communism (if the countries that claimed themselves were it, but I don't have the impression that democracy and collective property by the workers were the model applied, but let's move) would at least be seen to be tested by a favorable minimum.
On the other hand, the extreme right, we saw what it does in all the imaginable contexts, and it's always horror.
That said...
2 /... I'm not communist, so good.
3 / Venezuela was never a communist country.
> To go far the Nazis were generally left
It's completely wrong.
There was no social progress, union (it's even the opposite), or egalitarian under Nazism, and it's not because they added on the end "socialist" in their name that they conducted social policies (Marxists were also their first victims in addition to Jews).
> But it seemed worthy of me because you repeated only twice and not extreme LES.
I don't see the point of talking about the extreme left in France because it represents less than 1% of voters, and the representation of her ideas, in addition to being at the lowest, is in sharp decline from the world.
> I can only ask myself what companies would do if the Nazis came to power nowadays.
They would do as they do * systematically *: they would collaborate in their overwhelming majority.
As far as we go to the right, the Capittal knows no enemy.
We have an example of this all fresh with Bolssaro.
Don't go mad, ghost someone is not what friends do among them.
How do I do this to find out who you are right with?
You have 3 upvotes everyone: - /
It's time to set up the Canadian Republic.
The vote is secret so that no one knows for whom an identifiable individual voted.
Don't look again.
If the vote was anonymous, we would be presented without identity cards to vote.
CA-LO-IRE
> Absolutely someone on the right, surely the extreme right itself is recognised, no one else could find their management of the situation of a humorist one.
Take your equal gas, and especially, do not make me say what I didn't say.
I just draw the attention of OP to the fact that it's a joke (eaten, by the way).
There is a margin between criticizing the management of the situation (or even finding it ridiculous) and replicating the point about a * meme typical of the fascist.
I want to admit that we don't really know who wrote that, nor his political convictions; in the * better * of cases, it's someone who is a little informed who takes up (it's in the nature of the * memes * to be taken back) a joke that has spilled out from the fascist to the center.
The probabilities of a convinced leftist or centrist (really) are almost zero.
I took Orleans Express.
It was well.
QueWAAAA
The tastes are vegetables, sauce is vegetables and cheese in the fund is also a protein protein, so please stop with your nice-friendly calasers.
Sorry me!
Ah well, then, if there's no outrage even though they don't get rid of it.
How?
I'm a sign in my orbit that they don't get rid of it?
Bouyaka Bouyaka?
All the pleasure is for me but all credit comes back to / u / Crystlide
It's not really a good plan to ask for a little more understanding and an interpretative charity on the part of his opponents, while caricing them a maximum by making shortcuts in all directions.
But on the other hand it's a blatant post "
It's not very effective or flexible.
It's a pis-go that serves a good purpose for programs other than browsers, but much less than the extensions like uBck Ogin.
Investigable on the phone and tablet on the other hand, where the browser is not the central program and where most do not even have a bloker because no extensions.
(Finally, Firefox for Android may have extensions that un Block Ogiin; I know more about iTruc.)
I didn't know that you could manage the squabbling in such a formal way with magic procedures and words.
It takes away all spontaneity.
A subreddit of Quebecois memes that is not bad in oblivion.
> I think it makes more article about the anxiety of a young, supposedly brilliant and Eurasian woman than criticizing the ruling elite in France.
Yes, the article is terribly naked, and in the end, a super retrograde cultural elitism.
The author places himself in a drunk cultural, with the fantasie pedestal of the 19th to the purported treasures of the XXE, with the double cultural contempt of the XXeme and his own family environment.
Come on, I offer the jokes, those of Vance and Brel.
> * * Honestly * *, my father had a strategy worthy of superior social classes.
... Seriously?
Because he was, what?
He perceived the imperatives of meritocracy for his child without being able to do it for himself, and she is surprised?
But what arrogant conspiracy...
> The speech that honestly says "when you want, you can."
Go followed
> When I'm afraid, I work
Well.
We're more like a contradiction.
/ u / Jedeestesbirds does not exist?
/ Calinternet
This world is cruel, you want downvotes I upvote:)
There are really different instructions.
In fact the main method is to bring together all the subjects of a single family together before tripping them.
Most of the thing is to explain all the bias we can have "I'm not getting rid of it, because it can serve" or how to throw your peels or you have the impression that it is looking with their eyes sad.
It also talks about how to manage "emotional" objects (like you have a ton of photo, how to cheat them)
In short, there's a lot of psychology and bias that we have that then have apartments in bazaar.
Yeah, it's 70 years since he has no planning vision and will to keep the heritage.
Me in the beautiful old streets, we'll see some beautiful apartment and all of a sudden, the ugly edifice edifice that closes...
We do not have beautiful commercial arteries, we have a total of neighborhoods to make highways and ugly projects like canadas radio, uqam etc...
He blacks the media saying that they only have images of basters but I never saw it with a smile in the face.
If his real intention was to silence this image of him he would have been closed.
No it's very simple to put in place, but it's not incredible either.
It blocks not everything, it's not really at the level of a UBO, and it only works in a local network.
After that it allows equipment that does not have the possibility to block the ads of the blocked.
I advise you instead to go on Firefox on which ugly works.
> Before investing in a project, we make budget capital.
> > We calculate the Valor ANT Nette (VN), in English we call it Net Present Valume (NPV).
> > We discount future cash flow generated by investment based on a rate linked to inflation, market and risk.
To put it bluntly, can I find a hyper profitable thing that pays more to shareholders than would bring them anything else?
If the project is profitable, it launches.
> > You have 100 euros.
> > We propose two fields of giant oil.
> > In the first project you invest 100 euros.
> > You touch 0 euros in the first year.
> You touch 0 euros in the second year.
> You're getting 120 euros in the third year.
> > In the second project you invest 100 euros.
> > You touch 60 euros in the first year.
> You touch 50 euros in the second year.
> You touch 5 euros in the third year.
> > What a project you choose?
It depends on your RRR.
The Requiid Rate of Rapurn.
The return rate on investment you demand.
We also sometimes call it Open nights Cost of Capittal.
> > The project is therefore in competition with other projects that need thhunes.
The RRR depends on 3 things:
> > inflation: Every year, money loses
> The risk: If you propose a 5% return rate to invest in Tesla, you will say no.
It's a bullshit.
Who says high risk says high RRR.
> What the market offers: your fridge could put it on the stock market or bank.
> > To return to our oil projects.
You thought well.
You think it's moderately on.
You think that the RRR acceptable given inflation and risk is 7%.
> > You do - 100 + (0 / 1.07) + (0 / 1.072) + (120 / 1.073) = -2.04
> > You do - 100 + (60 / 1.07) + (50 / 1.072) + (5 / 1.073) = 3.08
> > The first project is negative.
You lose money.
> > The second project is the most profitable.
Looking at it, it was not the case.
Why is it more profitable?
Because with the second project the frie is recovered the first year and the second year.
He is more reclaimed earlier in your pocket.
What does that mean?
That you can put it immediately on stock exchange or other projects.
And that you will hit $$even earlier.
> > Regardless of the project you're launching, you don't have health, social, environmental consequences.
> > You don't care how many people will kill or hurry seriously.
We're doing it, but completely.
> > The only thing that matters is to do the NPV.
Indeed to calculate the NPV you need a RRR rate.
RRR like Rate of Inflation, Risk, and Market Rate of Rapurn.
This rate therefore includes the risk of losing money.
The risk that you're fucking you into jail, that we discover that you violate the law, that we prohibit your activity, that the whole population is revolting.
The RRR includes everything.
TOUT.
If it's positive, we do it.
> > We don't care if it's destructive for the biodiversity of seeds, if it kills the consumer, if it finances the illegal activities of Lafont or if it accelerates climate change.
> > That's why it makes me feel that we're hearing "oh companies destroy the environment by selling even more plastics."
or * "Oh the mischief PDG of Laffi"
> > When a major decision is taken, the only goal is for capital to make the most capital possible.
Forget the page "Valours" of BNP Parilow or SFR.
These pages are addressed to the general public.
The only rule is not bankruptcy, no prison, DO IT.
All the decisions in Finance are based on that.
All.
We stop that if you lose money or if we risk a judicial reaction hard (not a minable fine), a destruction of the brand image (= loss of money) or a violent political attack (= loss of money).
Cash is King.
> > If the government wants investments to be no longer made, then it must take tough measures.
In the event of a violation of the law of extremely violent fines (10, 20 billion euros) or of seizures of strength by the State.
It will increase the RISK considerably, one of the important elements in the calculation of the NPV.
So investors will refuse to put their money there.
The NPV is all that counts.
> > Pascal Quiry was elected better Professor of HEC Paris.
He wrote a book called "Enterprise Enterprise."
It's LE reference book in France.
It explains the priority of a good company boss, it's constant search of the rente.
Rebellion depends on getting a majority of a market (Microsoft), agreements between companies (i.e. the Intel / Apple / Pixar / Google agreements), the construction of a very strong brand image (Apple), the creation of a consumer deal (SED or Additive Products), or the weakening and division of providers (the big brands and the textile industry, or Lacalas and the milk sellers).
The rente is what helps increase margins.
This makes the difference between the corner baker and a big entrepreneur like Bill Gates or Vincent Bolloré.
Regarding the famous letter for the acquisition of the passport.
So 2 versions are opposed.
It's Benalla incompatible with that of Stzoda.
... Or then, hypothesis that I am submitting to you and that I have not heard being made by anyone (and who may not hold the road: did I rent some elements that would invalidate it?): is it possible for a 3rd character to coexist these two versions?
Is it possible for an employee of the Presidency to apply for a passport on behalf of Benalla, without notifying his service at the moment and without revealing that he was responsible following the revelations in the Canard Enchale in recent days?
Stzoda said his truth last week, Benalla would have said her today.
This 3rd mystery, a member of the establishment of the Elysee, can't the truth but would prefer to remain silent in the hope of not being affected by the scandal.
If necessary, is Benala aware of this action from the beginning but only disclosed it to justice last week when we asked her the question for the first time?
It would take place, is it a possibility for your opinion?
And of course... / r / unexpectedgegenthnave
That's exactly why Trump was elected to the US.
Because the populism fed up with snowflakes who make their cracks guilty for everything and nothing without being aware that they are also the problem.
Mal them, but the kind of gourning that hurts everyone without offsetting on the important is the breeding ground of the untolerant right.
I wonder if the resign deputies will return to the bloquist bars now that the matches no longer have to throw water out.
The NPD should be planting in Quebec in the next elections. That will leave the chance for BQ to at least keep the existing seats as far as progress is concerned, the Bloc has been for several years (decennies?) that a ground-up movement in all corners of Quebec.
It's crazy to believe it.
Except that as soon as the day after the presidential elections, our favorite editorialists explained to us that the LR and PS packs were going to let up until the European people, that they were going to leave the guys in a weak position.
You can have a candidate Xavier Bertrand, or even a Sarkozy.
We can have a candidate François Hollande or even Hidalgo or even Le Foll or Vallaud.
We can have a Hervé Morizin if Bayrou understands that he will never win and that you need to rejuvenate.
You can have Taubira in PRG.
We can have a breakthrough PC or NPA.
We can have a counter-current Philippot or Mégret.
Maybe someone will make Hamon understand that he doesn't have the charisma and will get his place, like Aubry.
We can have a return from Eva Joly to the Greens, or Cohn-Bendit.
There will be Dupont-Aignan to throw votes and make an alliance in the second round.
In short, there will be only Macron-JLM-MLP.
To say that these are the only alternatives, it's pure Mishul-thinking Macronist (and its only solution).
I hate to say it's a goal with a high speed of bulging.
Just to see the posts of the immigrant, the pm, the others... it's automatic.
But once again, it's not important - if the post / how to burn the slack, it's directly the dustbin.
The audience and the punclick.
Do you come from the thread on r / nostupid I imagine?
PO, do you know the answer?
Demonage in a housing where everyone smokes <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
It worked for me!
But now the neighbors hate me weed <unk>
Without joking, I'm blowing by the window or the fan above the pan.
I understand that you did that, but I don't understand how it could be worse?
They say they are anthropological.
So just understand and invite people thinking differently...
But it's true that at the end of the interview, they recognize support for the yellow nauts that take full care of it.
But only their personal opinion.
Not that of their guests.
Neither their answers.
That a mege-shit in this sector
That's completely wrong.
I have Irish friends excited and English in France and they also hate this word.
They were as shocked as me when my friend said this word:)
> By the way the LD50 salt salt is lower it seems to me.
The LD of ethanol is higher than that of salt and alcohol kills much much more than salt salt.
You confusing acute and chronic toxicity.
It's completely stupid to pass on the next Carcenogene <unk> probable of glypho to compare it with tequila hosts or grass roots.
On the other hand I give you 10 / 10 for the reconsideration, you have taken on board the language elements of Monsanto.
It's even a flim of the left wing.
You comment on a notice Reddit that your shady was lifted.
First time I see that.
It's not bad, but since 2013 they're using the engine of Chroe... so they will have a problem with uBlock too, I think.
You can see them all these pseudo lutins who just want to get rid of the pervasive gift that they offered.
r / SubouUnder
* Well, yesterday evening's beauty you thought was what?
* It's a loser who moves everything I buy <unk> <unk> <unk>
Here, I don't say that you're wrong, I say you are off-subject.
Europeans give up to fast fascists (who also produce a lot of shit: good luck to wear a t-shirt more than 20 times without it being a job that is distorted and yellow under the aisles).
But precisely, the problem that is trying to solve Marie Kondo is the mini-hoarding: people who don't throw enough.
We can't complain that people are throwing too much * * and at the same time * * that they don't put enough.
I have always interpreted place like the subreddit of Anglo-Quebecois with a Montrealese accent.
> hormones that deny the development of the child
The argument often used against what you just said is that the products used only pause and that nothing is irreversible.
> tap his little crisis
The classic argument against this is that patients are evaluated and selected so this kind of case is not given hormones.
Come on the fb page of a usager for a kick, let his sandwit be drunk about a clothes choice.
You can do better!
The reference date for mequebec to become active again, mainly as a platform to laugh on the sub.
Most of the time is used as a reference to a bogeyman by the world who have not very liked opinions from communitarian in general but who prefer to shout about conspiracy / brigade.
Seeing too: The band
Don't let you play with the pyrains and papi.
> It should not be 3 banners who were elected by 37 people who fuck the movement in Montreal.
It's not bad.
Why "Not the gorafi"?
r / buildapc or r / hardware you'll have an ideth
I don't know anything about it in gaming, but for all the rest with HD, I would take a Thinkpad T430 / 440.
He passed the TST.
The owners do not rent their homes by altruism, they are laughing for the income that brings them.
Don't play.
You don't fool the business model.
What are the problems with the tar that your games sell inside the game?
Nobody is saying that gaming is fair.
The lootbox is gaming, of government power.
For the rest.
Have something else.
Stop to want government everywhere.
Proof of the image that planes leave railway workers that disturb positive waves.
The picture has been turned back
Hello harassment!
It was the first Tinderette that I was invited directly to me.
It was Sunday.
The punches of one night when coming back from parties or festival, no problem.
Here, I just overestimated my sister abilities with a girl who doesn't like me * * really * *.
Coming here "sufficiently nice for a night but not want the date", tmtc.
Ah well not, I'm too binary like boy I think.
It's all or nothing and if there is no alcohol to kick a bit, there's nothing that happens.
Luckily, I saw another since who made me forget this sad shameful moment of my life, I'll tell you later if it doesn't go in the bother again.
It helps to give the background a little more to the 2 tanks of police.
Yeah it went a bit too fast but as you say it doesn't stop on a 10 cents. These beautiful ones...
Did you not take into account what I answered the nan?
If you want an answer, not everything is negative with Trump, when I defended the opposite?
Nowhere.
Now why this question?
Is it an interesting conclusion?
No more, as is the subject of discussions above, but you're not answering at all.
So it pleases, arrow to boot in touch.
For those who like Paradox games, I would be ready to host multi-party parts of Hearts of Ion 4 or Sttelaris weekly, one night per week.
For HoI4, I would recommend an historical lady, with a system of lotteries to choose the countries played by crapn.
For Stellaris, I would recommend a more RP approach with emptures created by players as long as they are not voluntarily too OP.
Also, Paradox's operation is super, if the host of the party owns the DLCs of the game, for the time of the game, all the players will be able to use them as well.
In short, if you have an interest, show you!
I'm launching the Teepe camera for lawyers' expenses right away or are we waiting (that Schiapa is at Hanouna, we're never too sure)?
Well it's actually.
Macron goes back to the polls because the morale of the pro-Macron goes back.
So preach the convinced it works.
> On the other hand political guests, the show will be given among others Jean-Michel Blanquer, Minister of National Education, Marlene Schiappa, Secretary of State for Gender Equality.
But also the heads of list in the European elections Benedict Hamon (for the "Generation.s" movement) and Jordan Bardella (for National Rassemblement).
Bernard Tapie should also be present.
> Other speakers: Dominique Chauvel, the mayor of Saint-Valériy-en-Caux (Seine-Maritime).
At the first public meeting of Emmanuel Macron on 14 January, she told her: "I did not stop because you disappointed me.
The other mayors will intervene in a platter, like Gael Perdriau, (Saint-Éetiau, LR), or in duplex, like Anne Hidalgo (Paris, PS) or Adric Piolle (Grenoble, Europe Ecosoftware, Green).
No LFI.
Do you think you're normal?
Also, I'll make you cut off that they're not going to get bothered to talk about LFI at everything.
PUBG master race race
So, if I understand you well, do you agree to force the medicines to manage healthcare?
Same, I'm listening from time to time, thanks for the info I'll go to see Monday when I'll slide at the office: P
Yes, but it changes something?
For reddit (and I know that it does not work all the time the same), I abstain from downvoting the world if I think they have a shitty opinion, because they still contribute to the discussion (even if all opinions aren't worth it).
So sarcastic or not... we would not change your mind anyway.
Keep up
Mmmmmhh <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
It's 20 years my primary and having heard the gang here who said that there was the king of the mountain... We were not watching the matches because we did not have the right to nothing.
Oh well.
Exactly 2.
Several of these points seem to be linked to an inability to insure water strips (or have a very high franchise):
* No clicm: badly drunk.
> = 18c: poorly isolated building. This could make it possible to freeze tubes
* Sorry the washing robots... Does it share that they're going to go prematurely, what do you mean?
Shit the valve dla toilet after flushit?
We're not talking about solicitation, except for the fans that are struggling.
Couou, enchanted <unk> <unk> <unk>
Bage for the downvotes because it's not a bad joke!
Indeed it seems good indeed.
I hope you will learn: The Grand Duc of Moncuq-over-la-order is dead at the age of [indicate the date of death] years without rulets, since it's legal.
Yes, if you didn't get it.
And shit cultural contempt
Vrembl
In my humble opinion, a new defeat for a major election will force Marine Le Pen's withdrawal and allow for the power of Maron Mérechal (who gave up Le Pen in her name).
Then, LR will have been massacred so much by LREM that we will see the union of the Right on a neo-doljadist basis.
It's the only scenario where I see this sensitivity to take power and it is unfortunately not impossible.
It must be even worse nowadays.
His statistics were Arretès under Hollande
I had a hair this week when we were still in the heat of the beginning of July when it was 45c felt.
I was never happier to wake up.
Shortly after I walked in the big storm at -30 with a smile on the face.
Uh, it changed enormously on this point.
Chroe has a very bad reputation on this side too.
On the other hand, I can confirm the comments of / u / LanneMrusse: nowadays, both, Firex manage the memory much better.
Maybe
Lolle like the racist against, I do not even want to call his haha.
r / haybody
Haha, no, but for real I like my car and also it is a very reputable 4 motor system.
r / submariningleelesuuselé
Well, first of all you need to go across the border already.
A good portion of the entrants who apply are sent back.
It was maybe * snarky *, but if there's someone in the room here it seems to be you.
Well, my guys get up at 5 hours.. the Saturday to 10, when they threw out all the toys, that they took their 2nd collation, that they died, regardless of the time, we'll get out of it.. It would be only 25 20 minutes.
Aragulculating amateur
Except that making pipes with balance sheets and not everyone is fun to put paints or cracks on her.
> Who is not illegal I think.
So if we talk about it, we're on the ground.
Well, we know very well that there is moral morality to lies (especially in this case).
However, it is partly the work of journalists to contraise the statements and facts.
You could quite imagine a situation where someone makes an inaccurate declaration and then correct himself by a journalist.
We could comment on the inculture of the speaker in a pedanced way without necessarily going to the ground of morals.
All this to say that non-illegal does not imply that we are in a moral debate.
So I understand the claim of Byroot.
> by Debra Soh * for Quillette * * (Translation by Peggy Sland)
I think we can avoid reading the article.
Also, all those who criticize Stéphane Foucart, why do you turn a blind eye to a person who brings together much worse what you accuse Stéphane Foucart?
A chance of two grandmothers is dead, it saved me from a click on this article under dubious title.
Let me try and understand.
To be * counter-torcher *, basically, does that mean getting back to the current déjà vouch?
So the opinion of the Anglos would be indifferent to the point where you would come to give yourself the shit immediately after a prior cleaning?
> not a situation with a guy where there was no sexual contact there
There are already some cases of guys who send out dik-pipes to children and who are being packed before having touched a child.
Clash your districts and ask them if they transferred your address to the database Bell911.
(I don't have the address to me today, I should get the office back this week)
Normally it is supposed to be done when the permit is issued (at the same time as warning Post Canada)
Well, please...
It's like when papa brings back a chicken in the house, ok it's nice but she doesn't know how to do the hot chocolate, the magical bisses, and talk about the stories of Petit Oriers Bra when I'm going to sleep.
I'm now called Jamy25 and you A _ _ chinese _ man!
lol, it has nothing to do with Quebec, except that you're holding all the risks, it's you who will pay trololo.
Nothing to do with the words then?
Max, this lazy that barely bothers, with rigour just when its body and in agreement, who already like you before you've had nothing to say at the beginning, and this body of statues smiles it while it's a shitty shit: you feel there are people who will not love it and maybe find it gonna.
The theory doesn't convince me really but I never found it better and no one to save me from this endless question; _;
I note your track.
You should find someone who does not understand French * and * find it gonna to be of course!
I'm still for 10 years.
Do you know the tragedy of Darth Acphenis the deaf?
I find the subreddit or there is only the much less toxic button button.
By the way I like the legal mention for "blockchain technology": shared registration device.
Since yes France uses the blockchain technology regarding shares.
We also use smartcontractors for airlines.
Interesting to read someone from inside the machine.
I have misery to understand how someone can pass from the CAQ to PQ and vice versa.
Maybe the identity questions had a big role to play?
The story of the Legult test came out in what debate?
(I don't listen to them, I think it's a big waste of time)
> telecom business engineer in Vedodis.
It's not even an influence, would it really be objective?
> I can't tell you why especially in France, but I know that one of the prets of the pseudo science is that they are at the intellectual reach of many and gives a feeling of superiority.
The Dunning-Kruger effect in action.
It's a nice matu, it's!
Oh, yes, Madam!
Now a mess!
Tldr: men have problems but not as much as that and are privileged.
And their problems are their fault because of their toxicity.
Another without argument...
8 to get involved often on the 20 and the 55, would say it's especially that the world is driving too foolhardy.
Or I've got what it's two years at Christmas.
I was coming back from the family to go back to us on the 20, and there was so much vergas in my glass and my wives were obviously a fucking of ice ice, and I was apparently going to go beyond trucks / autos to 100-110 who found themselves in the gap not long after I was back out.
Well, I'm fed up with madrid remove the ice so much it was quickly frozen, I failed to work by leaving the augo.
In my opinion, the yellow belts wanted to block the biggest commercial center in the corner on the first Saturday (a Leclerc with almost just derived from Leclerc in the merchant gallery, so very few collegeauxaux degats at the market.
Then it's turned into a rhythm of rd points without ever coming closer to this commercial center.
At least they don't come to buy the few retailers in the center city, they at least understood who was not the enemy.
I had this feeling because when you go out of school it was a bit that and with time you change and you want something else.
When I started working on the other hand, it was not really the majority of the profiles I was confronted with.
It's the cliché and surely also the visible part but I spent a good time with my colleagues when I was working in SSII to do various and varied activities, even with dump-overs.
I don't have the impression that * "discover new things, find me a girl, go traveling, do things" * are incompatible with being developer...
Some dumps have passions and a relationship of couple, if you're not happy where you work and you can afford it, hesitate to move around!
Do you have any age?
Personally, I did a VIE, it's a good experience, in other words than a SSII for me and a bit of de-paying, etc.
It was a good combo to discover other things!
Apart from a mention without citation about the English wiki of the series that says that it holds a record Guinness, it is impossible to have anything that confirms it.
What I realized a little is that calculate an audience and a company shit.
But cute trivia none-less, thanks:)
We don't just ask you to make the presentation, we often ask you to do data extraction with algorithms.
We proposed this kind of job, my friend who is doctoral in bi-info (it makes molecular simulation with programs that he dev).
I don't say that you need a doctorate but you must at least be engineer.
I'm looking for it.
Strong the Roy live.
CCPT
Le I present you with the latest internetian innovation, the last communication facilitate, the last advance in term Reddine: the dash S.
To use this way: <unk> <unk> (not take too seriously) <unk> <unk> / s
Bartte promised for mental health in 5 years.
It's laugh in the world when your term is 4 years.
It excuses in nothing the CAQ but both parties are not fucking there.
I hate.
Your origin doesn't change anything.
Unless you want to be judged according to your origins.
I don't care.
And what passage is racist?
The speed rate????????
Good.
I know we're not on the aha, but the path of overshooting is reserved to go beyond the maximum speed rate.
If you go beyond anyone else, you don't have any business at all.
Yes, speed must be modulated according to road conditions but it's not just for the way out.
Analyway when you go beyond you always go or almost faster than the limit.
It has the police and every driver to decide his security speed certainly not at a mattress or my uncle that blocks the left path to decide for others.
They can put someone outside for the reason they want, as long as it's not illegal.
98.5 just benefited from this situation to react to a bunch of reams.
It's an anecdotal event to say that a coop refused entry to a comorist because he had dinads, it's like, a perfect example of anecdote.
98.5 in * makes * a whole drama.
> So, it's a tip out in the general population, but only the x% of the population will agree?
Yes.
> You're going to have a really representative assembly with that, it's worth making a rage in the general population.
This but without irony.
If you force me to go to the AN, I'll go there to follow the rules but I will sabotage the work as much as I can, even if I hurt my fellow citizens.
(This will be done well, they'll put me there.)
Do you want this arbitrary representation so much?
I say quite arbitrary, because in your assembly, you're not going to put children of 2 years or mentally ill, if?
Yeah too much bug under Saafi (and this comment and yet posted since Safi), it may be the fault of web developers and not of the browser but I regularly have sites that bug under Saafi and when I pass under Chroe no problem.
I still use Saafi as the main browser (if only for his integration with macOS and the functionality of Handoff macOS / iOS, Autofill SMS, etc.) but I'm opening Chroe as soon as I have to use a slightly cumbersome or sober web application.
The problem is that developers develop under Chroe (because you have to admit it to deal with it and other tools are great), tetesters test under Chroe (because it has 2 / 3 of part of the market) so it becomes the default browser that imposes the norm.
I'm rather going to give Firefox a chance because in view of the various comments he would rather have moved in the right direction.
I'm not going to read the article because Judith pisses me on the straap.
But I'm going to say what I said to others about the Gillette pub:
The message was good, but the multinationals use good causes as marketing tools (not because they believe, just because it will make a shitty and therefore the pub) disgusting me.
Especially as a moral level, Gillette can go and dress, Children, and cie.
r / boss
Good apparently, the Gyphosate is closely monitoring, if you wood very diluted quantity it's really hyper-toxic, the sri workers landed who were drinking the water of the rifles containing glyphosate didn't invent their suddenly disease as soon as the glyphosate appearance.
I don't understand the story of this discredited researcher.
Knowing the scientific method, I know very well that it's possible to prove that the glyphosphere is not dangerous if you omit things.
I don't understand those who defend the non-ban of glyphosate, those who defend those who are for the glyphooste honor.
It's completely obscene that there is a jerk pro pro glo glyphosate circumcle at billions of dollars.
As for drugs, agriculture is the second largest commercial power in the world in a way, it's as if you decide what salt salt would buy all humans on earth.
I mean, it's completely obvious that monanto has a ENORME power on studies, scientists are not a race part of monks living in autarky.
We're talking about so much money, it's colossal, basic, any country in the world, rich or poor, is an official client, all countries are pushing and all countries need to water the lands of weird weeds.
TOUS.
of the sri launka, of the rank, of the United States, in the junior, I mean it is a QUI market VA PARTOUT.
It's limited if monsanto is not the only one to have gasoline, it's unimaginable the power they have.
I see directly the scientists who say, well, I've worked hard all my life, I was integrated, only in my labels, and suddenly I am offered the salary of 10 living like mine just to omit a detail and I'm assured that it will be done so ably.
How do you think there are none who refuse.
It's comparable to the invention of the washing machine in the housewife of the 60s, the thing makes you get your land in less than two whereas before you had to work for dozens of hours everything to work.
SEULE ENTREPESSE DEAD THE LE VEND.
nan but my God.
Regarding the dangers..
It's quite clear that the thing is harmful.
I understand the gallery to ban it after years of use.
It's as if you were told, the washing machine is toxic, you have more access to the Lessive now will have to go through the manual mode..
Arresting to support the circlejerk of people who at least have been paid to say the good of monsanto.
This report is just great.
If there are mistakes, it's not bad.
Without this kind of people, you won't be in life.
Get a lot of light from crazy.
> The landlords increase you when a wild fucking fucks before leaving?
It's not a gift they make me.
If they find a way to do it they will do it without asking themselves a question.
I brought my daughter to the crèche this morning.
Little came back to the room where she is kept, a small approach is approaching and pushing it violently (they have every two and a half years in general) and she falls well 1 meter further, the head not far from a wooden structure.
There were three staff of the crèche in this room, including the director, all for less than 10 children.
Not a single one reacts.
So, as it was the third time that this boy was pushing my girl in front of me (two other times another day, without a big reaction either), it was heated and I started to kick the little, under the indifference of the staff.
My girl during that time was terrorized and did not stop crying (a child of her age, it's easy, but it was really violent as a push for the age of the little boy).
On the other hand, I said to the director that if it started again, I wanted to talk about it parents of the little boy, normal.
She replied "oh, but you know, we already know, it does not do like that with your girl, he's followed by the psy, his parents know him"...
I replied in essence that I agree, but I would still like to talk to parents if it happened and she got out of a pretty aggressive tone: "ok but outside the crèche" as if I was going to work with them.
I don't care about it for the day.
already because it's me who is in the vanguard while women stayed passively, and also because if it's not the first time, it's not the first time that the boy has been pushing MA daughter, even surely the case.
It could be good to keep us informed.
And if my girl falls on a toy or on the side of a table?
Will it be the time to talk about it when it will be paralysed or worse?
RAAAHhhhhh.
Thank you, it's better.
