UKIP &apos;s people who refuse those who live with HIV are a perfect example .
You talk about when Nigel Farage says that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the United Kingdom to make health tourism , and when , with that in mind , he responds yes when the interviews ask him specifically if people living with HIV are included in the unwanted .
First of all you use specious arguments , and then discredit you with barely veiled homophobia .
Every time I or my family need the NHS , we have to do the queue behind the incisive chroniconship that thinks that all is due .
I think it &apos;s you who use specious arguments .
Health tourism , as defined by the leftists on the right , does not exist practically .
I think that is what we call democracy .
So no one would be affected by the UKIP measures against health tourism , so there is no problem .
There is only in the parallel universe of UKIP that Carswell can appear like a revolutionary .
A quotation from a torchon is by proof .
Yes , therefore , take the messenger .
The Mail didn &apos;t write the report , it did only comment on it .
Those who control the majority of media in this country should be shot for having spread such populist propaganda as if it were reality .
I don &apos;t think you know what a specious argument is .
You don &apos;t know anything about my personal situation or my identity , so you should be careful when you try to kill the debate with accusations of homophobia .
The Farage sentence was very surprised , but only because we rarely talk about this problem .
He made absolutely no homophobic comment .
You &apos;ll have to get back to you .
I &apos;m not sure where you want to come , but I imagine you don &apos;t like when the media talk about what you don &apos;t like .
We &apos;re talking about it so rarely because unlike Farage and his underprivileged followers of Thatcher who think that AIDS and floods are a sign of God and not a reflection on their own failure to understand that the complexities of humanity are something good , then no .
Finally , the situation is as rotten in Ireland as in Spain .
With the new crisis that happens the austerity period will not have arranged anything .
Setting almost 5 % growth in 2015 is a big joke .
In Ireland , the &quot; TIGRE DE &quot; The EUROPE is telling us , there are a few annuals .
We knew the rest !
This recommended reading the article .
We &apos;re trying to make sure that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a &quot; NOUVUUE &quot; MIRACE COOMICE is happening .
With the Brussels agreement , impotent on the lowest social society in Europe , a flexible work work , an ongoing integration .
With these insights , not what &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos;
In the 80s of the 20th sir , the irk was one of the poorest countries of the Euro-opene union , with the Portuguese , considering a constant perimeter , without the newest countries , the situation is always better than it was .
The Grey was in front .
That their development is not a long calm river , it &apos;s on the recent news .
Europe &apos;s lowest impots ?
It &apos;s false !
Latvia has a 0 % rate of impots on companies .
Now there is a hypocrisy in France from the policies on the impots paid by the multinationals .
If one thinks of a report that came out in 2008 or 2009 , they pay in France less than 5 % in genal .
Only SMEs pay a lot .
Now I confirm that the road traffic has become an enorme , and there are new cars ( and here ) all of the street corners , exactly as before the 2008 crisis .
I lived in Dublin for 14 years , the recovery is evident in daily jobs since the entrance .
Is it supposed to be economic news ?
Don &apos;t worry , I &apos;m sure the comments will soon soar .
In another article that they are writing , 2 Vauxhal Astraa is involved in a cup on the A140 .
Does Ryanair now intend to transfer passengers from one flight to another in this way ?
I think that Mr O &apos;Leary will soon buy a whole new fleet of aircraft , so a few bogs and wives on the old ones will soon be forgotten .
Having said that , I steal with him next week , so I hope that it will not be on one of these young people once they are caught .
So it would be entirely the fault of the other pilot .
Did Ryanair make the passengers pay for the additional fear that we wanted to provide them ?
But without this kind of Irish companies , you could not afford to leave on vacations .
I never took Ryanair and the last 3 times I took the plane was with BA .
I prefer when the airline offers quality service .
No , but it &apos;s Ryanair , so they can give it to my joy .
Any article on Ryanair triggered dozens of comments from people who would never take Ryanair at the place of those who like to take Ryanair and think that those who pay something other than the basic fee have only to blame themselves , etc .
It &apos;s quite transparent .
Ryanair won &apos;t be happy with the additional costs due to this incident .
I wonder what will be the delays and if we &apos;ll have to compensate passengers and , if it &apos;s the case , if Ryanair will avoid paying by saying that it was a mistake of air traffic controllers in the airport .
Passengers have been put in another plane in less than an hour , they have no right to compensation .
Sorry to disappoint you and your dreams of compensation .
Welcome to this British Airways flight that takes the English SIS in Syria , not true as you say .
Good trip
Last Sunday in Paris , the street of the Francsssourcois : the Marais is largely pedestrian , and almost everyone in the world .
People don &apos;t come en masse for the quality of restaurants ( for the most part ) or for Le Salon of the review in the area of Blancs-Mantetes ( hyper-intellectual and slightly dust ) .
The reason for this crowd is that the stores are all open and that the neighborhood is unbelievably alive and lively .
With many foreigners who spend ...
Do you believe that the opening of Sunday will create jobs ?
Come on to Paris .
@ aloes !
The only argument that seems admissible to me is that of zones receiving a significant number of foreign tourists and it is nuanced by the fact that they buy in tax .
The tourist areas lose a considerable amount of turnover every year for the same reasons .
There remains the industry where expensive equipment , exploited on the Sunday , can lower prices .
Sunday rest is a right that the employees enjoy except exceptions .
That &apos;s why it is planned and regulated by the labor code .
Neither the minister responsible for the economy nor , from the rest , the one responsible for foreign affairs , has the slightest competence to reform the labor code .
So if they finish it .
The law serves what ?
To satisfy a portion of the population and companies that want to work on the Sunday .
In Montreal Sunday apps my little kids to the municipal library .
In my Ville of 30,000 inhabitants where I live in France the municipal bike is open 4 days per week but not the we !
That &apos;s access to culture ...
And it &apos;s also the regulation of working time .
the lifestyle he defended with tenacity against fascism
the lifestyle he defended with tenacity against fascism and Bolsheviism
And if the succession of his daughter was , against her will , used to pay for the inheritance fees ?
There are paints .
Some are good , others not terrible .
No doubt his sequel would like his part of the cake , if you pass the expression .
His preference for a victory for nationalists / Franco in the Spanish civil war ...
And his hostility to the independence of places like Ireland and India and his fascist ideas as a whole and add his well known hatred of Jews .
Churchill was not perfect .
Me neither .
But for 5 years , and only for five years , it was perfect .
In 1940 he held the head of the other artisanos of the government who wanted to discuss an &quot; agreement &quot; with the Nazis and he very ably won .
Thanks to his magnificent rhetoric and his energy , he united the country in the idea that fighting against fascists was the only way to win .
The inhabitants of the United Kingdom , and of France , and of Belgium and , in the end , the entire world , can thank God for having had over these five years , just these five years , Churchill at the bar and no one else .
Churchill &apos;s greatness has nothing to do with this discussion .
That its descendants sell the paints on the free market to collect money from inheritance fees , they could even make a profit .
If the public wants to admires one in a museum , let them get the money to buy it .
It &apos;s as simple as that .
But we could use tax money .
Nobody can deny that when it was &quot; the moment of truth &quot; , Churchill personality was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War .
A revival of the internal market by public works will only help big companies , which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring , with infrastructure sites by definition not renewable .
As for the social reforms recommended by the minister , they really reflect the real bad franci :
Return to the princes values .
A reform of unemployment insurance is not contradictory .
That the lowest of us is not in need !
Either solidarity , we come to his help , or he has DRILO in exchange for the services he makes or has given to a minimum of resources .
The SM40H that I prefer to smash corresponds to this vision .
There is also the girlfriend who lives income from his properties .
You need to differentiate the person who invests for a return when he retires and who lives from his rents .
A good to rent or even two for a couple above it .
The little genius genie is singularly lacking .
The new deal was a policy of big work , but at a time of deficiency in major infrastructure .
Today , in Europe and in France , it &apos;s not the case .
The developed countries are sudered .
The need for infrastructure is marginal so in no way a new deal could be a solution .
Especially at a time when the question of growth is emerging in response to a recession that is only wild growth so brutal .
You would have been right 30 years ago : more need ( or possibilities ) of dams , coal mines , highways ...
But if we want to make the future climate shock less ruin , then the need for investment is crying : insulation , renovation of the rail network , urban transport , transport and energy storage etc ...
A tax that favors high income and rwhole .
Who is in power ?
Obsté by the smartphones .
Charles Arthur is really a galopin .
Samsung &apos;s benefits are hurt by the iPhone 6 and its competitors in the same range
The introduction in mid-September by Apple of bigger screens for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus perhaps attracted buyers who would otherwise have bought a Galaxy .
I tried all these phones and decided for LG G3 .
So Samsung lost me as a customer , but not for Apple &apos;s benefit .
I think it &apos;s essential that we have an alternative .
When Microsoft put in place this philosophy , we had a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google , Apple and the community open source .
We must have several dynamic platforms to stimulate competition and development .
Also , we all have different needs and they cannot be satisfied by a single manufacturer , because they are not compatible .
For me , I tend to buy Apple , because I like their underlying philosophy and I appreciate the design .
Some people don &apos;t attach value to design , for them the options , functionality and the price are primitive .
There is nothing wrong with that .
Let &apos;s stop looking for &quot; a better platform &quot; .
Is there a &quot; better car manufacturer &quot; , not really , they are different , but similar .
I would like to see a thriving portable industry with radically different approaches for different people and markets .
It &apos;s cleaner and must be encouraged .
This is in our interest .
I am happy that you found exactly what you &apos;re looking for and that it &apos;s not a Apple product , even if I had a different choice .
Most people I know have iPhhones .
Our umber friends that according to one of them fight the ideas and not the men ( on the contrary , well on the Parisian bobos ) could tell us what ( the ) is author if they fight the ideas on the gender and tell us the books they intend to fight for .
Or do they attack the kind of gender described in Le Figaro , Minute or Valours ANT ?
Their sources are Judiith Butler or Eric Zemmour ?
Well , Jean , I like you , and you &apos;re someone smart and educated .
I said this on Juith in the vein of Furusto talking about Holpherne , rapprochement that didn &apos;t come to me ( I don &apos;t have his viracity in mind ) .
Otherwise , in the &quot; bottom &quot; , since you refer to it , this subject doesn &apos;t interest me , and sincerely I don &apos;t see where the problem is : I was hoping that you and your friends could get out of my backwardness , because I &apos;m slow but I understand ...
@ Jean : recognize that , culturally , send Judith to Holpherne , that does it .
Who is scared wonder Le Monde ?
But what are we afraid of those who are afraid ?
Furasto and @ us give some answers .
The first by invoking the Judeth of the Bible , the second by qualifying Judith Butler for a very symbolism that is very symbolic .
We can see how intimate these studies touch at home .
We are obviously no longer in the discussion debate .
It &apos;s something else , much deeper .
Did you read , Jean , that Le Monde published an article about the need for theology ?
@ : With regard to an idea debate , I thought it was appropriate to go to the sources .
To claim to fight against ideas from the only presentation that their detractors do ( Cardinal Ratzinger , inventor of the General Theory or X Lacroix , theologien ) does not seem very rigorous .
But good , as I explained to our friend , Upfalist , it &apos;s all the difference between having an informed opinion and a simple opinion .
I &apos;m not sure that he &apos;s understood the nuance .
I didn &apos;t read Judiith , the very symbolism of throat , I was content with the &quot; second sex &quot; ( it was more of my time ) which is the source of &quot; source &quot; according to the wishes of Lo .
While I watched the eclipse since Melbourne , I saw red lights when the moon was briefly shown when the clouds opened up .
This sudden appearance of the red la had its charm and compensated a little the disappointment to have the view blocked by clouds .
It was amazing here at FNQ .
Yes , last night &apos;s cloud would really burn the coast of Victoria and NSW , while most of the rest of Australia had clear time .
Flash special lazy of blood .
Tony Abbott / Joe Hokey make the Labor responsible .
But if the Labor accepts our unfair budget , we will make it its full color as soon as possible .
Do you obsess yourself , no ?
I was in Melbourne so naturally I saw only clouds .
Melbourne has also managed to cover himself during the entire week of the rain of the Perseini weather and for almost all the astronomical phenomena of recent years .
I &apos;m starting to think that there is a bad genius whose only goal is to prevent people from Melbourne from seeing anything from the sky .
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory , even if things are greatly improved on the other side of the Cordilère .
There were periods from 10 to 20 minutes where I could not see eclipse because of clouds above the suburbs of Melbourne .
I &apos;m going to put a TAXE on this eclipse .
QUIKONG looks at this eclipse should pay a TAXE .
I bet that your first thought of the day is for Abbot , just like the last one before citing you .
Who or what will you get when it ends ( necessarily ) by disappearing ?
It seems that you take a long time to read the discussions when looking for messages in which people criticize the Abbott government and then accuse them of being obsessed .
Super photo of the moon above the Mandney Mandney .
It looks like Mars will collide with the Earth !
Nothing about stock market and property speculation .
Nothing about the inequalities between labor income and capital .
Nothing about tax evasion .
ultraliberalism is killing Europe .
Nothing about Babylon &apos;s gardends ...
The article says too much or not enough .
The detail and the arguments of these recommendations are not given .
No hypertext link to original documents so that one can get an opinion .
Go to see today , Tuesday , 15 October the results of miracles : in Spain , exports have been at the lowest for five years .
In Greece , the stock market collapses .
But these are the examples to follow .
The reform of notaries would generate a request for compensation of the order of 8 billion euros .
The Ministry of economics claims that these claims for compensation are not justified .
What if the Ministry of the Economy is wrong ?
Will the decision-makers who have gained the political benefits resulting from the courageous attack of notaries have the same courage when the bill is presented to the state budget ?
The next one .
Ok , thank you , JYL ...
@ lol No the state is not comparable to households as to the management of its budget because the time horizon of the state is theoretically infinite while the household is limited by the life span of its members .
Moreover , unless we consider that public spending is unproductive , these contribute to financing material and intangible investments in the growth of tomorrow and thus in future recipes .
A few elements of response .
A sad decision .
But remember the sacred sore of Hippocrat : the health of the profits of the global pharmaceutical companies must be safeguarded above all .
The theory of conspiracy .
Unfortunately the truth does not correspond to your fantasy .
Medical staff would like to use it , but they have the hands of the law as written by the policies .
It &apos;s the same situation as for the product that causes medical abortions rather than having risky surgical interventions , safe hohoot rooms for drug addicts rather than having them in the streets , etc .
On these issues , politicians want to please the accused masses .
Actually , doctors don &apos;t earn money with medication .
That &apos;s why there are pharmacists .
Doctors don &apos;t earn money with medicines since Liberals want our health system to look like that of the United States , you should find out how it works .
Everywhere in the world doctors are courted in the same way , but it &apos;s more or less visible .
It was perhaps poorly formulated to put the blame on the THubbs , but the reality is that many countries , including Australia , give priority to the profits of companies and the &quot; research &quot; .
Listen to the few reports on our spending of Pharmmaceutical Benefiits Scheme and the negotiations with the pharmaceutical companies compared to other countries .
Comparting the world prices of medicines present everywhere , as well as the differences between countries on what is on free sale or only on prescription .
This is strengthening it is a political and economic process , not a medical or scientific process , direct or indirect .
In fact , some companies are currently doing tests on marijuana inhalations against oncological pain , despite the laws that are holding them back and the expensive permits necessary .
Although the manufacturers of certain medicines may not be happy that we use alternatives such as marijuana , those who manage to have a version offering good quality products to well-known doses will benefit largely .
Sorry to tell you , Madam , but you &apos;re wrong , a lot of things happen in the corridors for doctors and pharmacy .
As for this hospital , they were happy to use it until someone put the chip on the ear of a person responsible for this hospital .
DETERDAR for patents on grass ...
If the &quot; researchers &quot; in social sciences were research instead of politics and networking , we could use their &quot; work &quot; .
A researcher investigation , he doesn &apos;t compare one fact to another .
Comparable is not looking for it .
Comparing it is making the teaching not research .
We can &apos;t say &quot; research is successful , you have to apply it &quot; and then in the same trip &quot; you have to experiment with everything . &quot;
If your searches are successful why experiment ?
If your research is not successful why ask you to apply them ?
Can I explain how a &quot; researcher &quot; can deduce that a student who can &apos;t equate mathematics alone could assimilate mathematics and other materials more easily ?
The new technologies make it possible to learn on condition that students learn to use new technologies but how would they manage to learn new technologies if they don &apos;t know how to learn ?
The pisa tests are only an indicator . Let us make an indicator that allows us to find indicators that are satisfactory .
What is the point of building an indicator that informs you of what suits you , a will of auto-promotion , a deception ?
A single path to train teachers : far away from training the Sophists and ideologues and the practitioners teach practitioners .
manufacture the paragraph on the internships ( which unfortunately is not very argued ) and you will see that your conclusion pushes us to the most inefficient conservatism : &quot; It &apos;s a device that leads above all to the reproduction of current practices , and which does not allow the system to progress . &quot;
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system , we can &apos;t hope that only the practitioners teach practitioners , even if they have all their place in modern training of teachers .
Education theorists should have no place .
The practitioners must have one .
Would you want to be operated by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical , and which has never set foot in a block operating before ?
There is no consensus on the causes of the educational system problems .
Giving more weight to education theorists , it would be destroy it definitively .
Your analogy is completely crazy : if I don &apos;t want to be operated by a practitioner who has only theoretical training , I would still like to make myself operate by a surgeon who has no theoretical training and who has learned on the tack .
Mike Weatherley , the Conservative deputy responsible for the fight against the violation of copyright by David Cameron
Why does he not simply say to Cameron to stop ?
Somebody should make a popular arrest .
Thank you very much .
If one day I begin to feel guilty of infringing copyright , I &apos;ll have to read an article like this .
In an information economy , the violation of copyright = stolen .
It &apos;s the same thing because they have to quote their sources correctly .
Often , getting a license doesn &apos;t cost anything .
No , it &apos;s a violation of copyright .
Not at all the same thing .
By using content without having the right license , you deprive the artists of their livelihood .
You can always debate educational hypotheses - but it &apos;s stolen .
And you can repeat it as much as you like , it will not become true .
It &apos;s a violation of copyright .
Let &apos;s repeat it again .
If one day I start to feel guilty of infringing copyright law
Clearly , that doesn &apos;t bother you to deprive artists of their income .
If they think they should be given money for images used in school duties , an almost perfect definition of what should be a reasonable use , so I &apos;m happy to deprive them of this shadow income .
lesson no 1 should be to show how , if the children themselves create anything and publish it on their favorite social networks , they abandon all intellectual property at the site under the general conditions they have spent from a click .
Maybe if they share the headphones of their balader p3 with a girlfriend in the school bus , they should be expelled for breaking the law in such a way .
Ah , if we could export this resource that we are full of full of , the rash that says everything goes wrong ....
If it &apos;s a PS deputy who claims it , then we must believe it .
I have 2 children and when they &apos;ll be an age of choice , I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed by then .
France shoots people down by constantly assisting them .
I don &apos;t want my children to bear the debts that this policy will have created .
What brings France to the bottom is the speeches like yours .
@ guy I &apos;ve been working in private companies since always .
I had the CHANCE to have worked in companies run by excellent business managers : it exists in France but it &apos;s rare .
I &apos;m a employee because I know that I don &apos;t have the skills to lead a company and this choice allows me to shoot my red buttons on the naked bosses I frequently meet .
At ease , I completely share Jean-Pierre Bernajan &apos;s post . He says the horrible truth !
@ guy , if we compare with German companies that French entrepreneurs constantly cite reforms in France , in Germany , companies have managed to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive , especially by ensuring the link between big companies and the medium and small ones - what are French bosses waiting for to do as much ?
That the State keeps them in their hands ?
This state that they are accusing ?
@ Jacques L.
Still , this knife anti your company !
Remember , what did you create as jobs , as added value , to be as severe ?
I understand your reaction .
In reality , France faces an insoluble problem : the incompetence of French entrepreneurs who are unable to create jobs and who damn and damn while waiting for the permanent state state assistant !
That &apos;s terrible !
But they have solutions : suppression of the Labor Code , employers &apos; charges , taxes , work 45h / week paid 35 , and some , walking on eggs , dare to demand lower wages or their removal !
I look forward to seeing all the &quot; negative &quot; comments on this subject .
What &apos;s ironic given the way people always complain about First Group .
From what I see from where I am , Lass has not really been an investment for us taxpayers .
They tried to stay afloat rather than transform themselves .
It doesn &apos;t mean that Scottish railways have not improved since Last deals with it .
But they had also improved with their predecessors , including British Rail .
Unfortunately , we do not have the power to do that , unfortunately .
I tried to have them recently , but I didn &apos;t succeed .
But good , Labor will get us annoying , isn &apos;t it ...
It &apos;s an international subsidiary .
They already operate trains in Germany .
Nothing prevents people in the UK from creating a more moral business and taking part in tenders .
But it seems that we are not very good in management , most of our privatized services end up being managed by a foreign operator .
I still remember the scandal and criticism when First won the Virgin contract , all this for the decision to finally be cancelled .
And there &apos;s better : MTR , a Hong Kong company has won the Crossrail contract contract for 8 years .
Well , the Labor , as they told us during the referendum campaign , is completely for pooling and sharing and thinks that workers must all help themselves across borders .
So we can assume that they will be happy with this decision ; )
Maybe because the Dutch management is on good track when the British are not .
What ScotRail needs is not just a change of owner but especially new ideas .
Abellio is perhaps the least bad choice possible , but the real problem is the ridiculous system of crossed , not the cross .
&quot; He was a beaten girl &quot; .
See , I was hitting , but I really had this kind of expression .
Assuming that being &quot; beaten &quot; is a higher quality than many others , the concern of others , intelligence , listening , for example , the fact of being &quot; beaten &quot; has nothing to do with the one to survive a disease : &quot; batting &quot; cancers , who are no less dead , I know of some patches .
Sorry of a disease has nothing to do with merit .
Go home too ..
I &apos;m not telling you that it &apos;s LA condition for gerr , I tell you that AFDE ..
Nothing to do with any merit ... !
When the examples of your life , you can judge them .
I start again .
Insoring , if only for a while , that we can have some merit in getting out of a disease or we can desert not to get out of it , is simply monstrous .
The body follows or does not follow .
A body that leaves , everywhere , despite the will , despite the confidence in medicine , you have a vague idea of what C ?
Nave to think the opposite , if , having a solid morale , it probably makes it easier to accept heavy treatment and to prepare for it , to try experimental treatments like this woman did and not to refuse them for fear ..
Someone who is beaten in medicine is above all someone who trusts medicine .
But if we prefer to rely on the &quot; lord &quot; it &apos;s something else ..
Neither with the deserved nor with the courage .
These considerations are specific to moralists .
When you caught a salty , a real one , you &apos;re getting to the point of becoming only a zombie .
Personally , I caught two , salty , big , and if I &quot; beat &quot; as these psychologists say , it completely escaped me .
Unless this fight consists only in shutting teeth , to suffer the hell and to burn the punches .
I thought the accusation against Milosevic was decided and finalized a dozen years ago .
I have not seen this name in the newspapers since at least that time .
What is happening ?
It &apos;s an anniversary .
A forgotten anniversary .
His trial was conducted &quot; quickly &quot; and then swept away under the carpet .
Is this the story we told at the time ?
The communist who has become nationalist that triggered three wars in the Balkans during the last decade ?
The communist president of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ?
So please , ask what we voluntarily left aside : 1 .
How could the NATO bombing be legal under LA MOINDRE rule of international law ?
Which country did Serbia attack ?
Regarding RTS ( Radio-Television-Serbia ) , why do you not mention that NATO destroyed this same building while killing civilians , then considered it a valid target .
Milosevic had no way to get out of it : if he did not defend his country against NATO attacks , it would be crucified like a traitor .
And if he defended him , he would be swapped by the Western steamroller .
The West used a smoke screen to detach a part of a sovereign state that unilaterally proclaimed its independence and was almost recognized by the western states that then lied to end up in the situation on the ground .
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared ( ethnic cleansing ) .
Vojislav Kostunica , who is mentioned here , is dead politically after his first term for not understanding the situation that had developed .
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the politics of the time .
At the end of the day , Guardan shouldn &apos;t call Milosevic by tyrant ( even if we don &apos;t like it ) .
As far as I know , there is only in Greece a method of predicting earthquakes works around the corner , by measure the peak level in the quartz .
This kind of studies is definitely useful and thank you for making us share the results .
A hope , therefore , but the caution has nothing to do with that of the exoplandete named HAT-P 11b , located at about 124 years of the Earth in the Cygnus Cygnus that would be &quot; the smallest and the cool planet to present molecules of detectable water &quot; , according to a study carried out by the Duck Ask team and Jonathan Fraine at the University of Maryland
So let &apos;s follow .
Like those that involve animals that feel a threat .
Thank you .
How would animals know ( in advance ) ?
No doubt by the perception of other elements whose rate is changing in the event of seism .
Like radon , for example .
Gas gas that is an insult to man but maybe decelable by animals .
All these methods are intractable for man , but not for the measurement instruments available to him .
But we do not have any reliable results on these paths ...
It has been repeatedly observed ( and for centuries ) that some animals act in a strange way for a few hours with an earthquake , especially the chicken , cows , dogs , but especially fish and shit .
I had seen a report on the map telling the fight of two scientific teams , a Californian , the other Japanese , to make the validity of their work that related to the sensitivity of animals to the terrestrial magnetic fields , especially to their change before a seism .
So I &apos;m not a scientist , but their hypotheses convinced me !
Or what about this research ?
Why so much contempt for this path ?
We should learn to listen to nature ...
If we look at things calmly and rigorously , we publish it in a serious review , and no one is mistaken .
As soon as we &apos;re talking about the &quot; signs &quot; given by animals , we run into the same bias : everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the red fish was weird in circles .
I don &apos;t understand why we can think that Boris would make a good leader for the Conservatives .
He did too much as a mayor of London .
When you listen to the LBC program we can &apos;t help thinking that this man knows nothing about it and that he always tries to distract with a joke .
It never responds directly to any one .
He also said he agrees with Farage , then Nick Ferrari the presenter asked him about what .
He could not name a single point .
He made so many promises to get elected as mayor and he didn &apos;t have one alone .
It only stresses how much the rest of the Conservative Party is only a shitty shit , no ?
Because he &apos;s popular .
Because it &apos;s funny .
He was in &quot; Have I Got Neor You &quot; .
Because it &apos;s a celebrity and we have accused people of admitting the celebrities .
The Londoners voted for him and it will be the same for the rest of the country .
When ( and not if ) he takes the leadership of the party , the popularity ratings of the Tories will stop the ceiling I am sure .
Let God help us .
I &apos;m not so sure : people like jokes , but do not want their prime minister to be one of them .
That &apos;s exactly what we said Londoners .
He should have brought his friend with him the parpaing .
In many ways , I think he &apos;s trying to copy R Branon .
The Americans had one like President .
The French were really and always disinterested in the history of the Pacific war .
For all those who gave themselves the trouble to read a few books ( there exist , including a French and excellent one of B.
Millot ) , the &quot; Solomon &quot; and the &quot; Strait Strait &quot; speak , as unfortunately as the dead who stayed there .
We understand that the Australians , who know ( one of their heavy cronies , the Australia , must always be in the background since the battle of Savo ) do not want to go back there .
We actually went in front of the Ile de Savo , in the &quot; Ion Bottom Round . &quot;
Even if the mission comes to an end .
It &apos;s the small .
But the eco side is a total enmance .
Make the kerozene consumed in order to reach the objective completely discredits the concept ..
You only need to go through the list of sponsors .
A com operation more or less or not .
The cow , it gives too much envy ! ! !
I &apos;m looking forward to the webseries !
Your comment makes me back again , identifying myself a little in the passage ( I also learned to sail with the Crocos of La Elorn at the Mouin Blanc in rap of Best ! ) .
Change too for the ecological message , even if some people criticize the impact of the investment .
The end justify the means .
Continue to get back , and to show with pride that Bretons are big travellers !
Pierre , Troiniad and Tobago .
Hello night I think the red box that demonstrated against taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the British region and the Ville de Branrest .
More seriously , it seems to me that local authorities and public bodies in any way should not spend a sword of our taxes to finance the dreams of a few adventurers , even nice ones .
Are there any players in current Serb training who is of Kosovar origin ?
I know that Dusan Benevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic , once in the Juventus and now in the Fréerbçe , are Mitrovica , but I don &apos;t know if they &apos;re still in the team .
It &apos;s Bissaac the defender of Lyon , not Bjoy .
Bjoy was in the middle of the ground or before in the 70s and 80s and led to many teams in Greece , but I don &apos;t know where he is .
Bjoy is Mostar , in Bosnia-Herzegovina , and played as an attack on the great team of veez who , under the tutelaire of the legendary .
Well , thank you Mole !
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac .
Just out of curiosity , what happened to Krasic ?
We said he was going to become a big player when he was in the Juve , he is currently in Turkey , but the last time he appeared on my radar screen he was linked to Blackburn * fruck *
Here , I can &apos;t help you .
I know he lost his place when Conte arrived , then he went to the Fener and as much as I know he is not a holder .
Maybe he can still do something , perhaps in the Indian Super League ?
Seriously , Serbia .
Seriously , Albania is not afraid .
You should love Albania because you are neighbors .
The thing is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of real Albania today .
Apparently it was the flag of the Great Albania , which encompasses all the regions where there is an important Albanian presence .
A bit of excessive nationalism , actually .
Fortunately , there was not too much damage ( I know ) .
Actually , it was an Albanian flag with the map not of what we call the Great Albania , but of Albania pre-1913 , when the major European powers decided to give the country &apos;s books to the neighbors .
How can you feel &quot; an explosions of joy &quot; when seeing two towers collapsing knowing that women , men and women without doubt are inside ?
How ?
What annoys me a little in this &quot; testimony &quot; is that the only fact of having been able , if only once , to rejoice spontaneously about the horrible death of thousands of people , testifies to my eyes of a &quot; border &quot; personality whose &quot; testimonies &quot; should be taken with the greatest circumspection .
No doubt , in the short time of &quot; joy &quot; , we won &apos;t think about the deaths or the reality of the horror inflicted .
We &apos;ve just thought , for a moment , that for once , Muslims had managed to do really and apocalyptically hurt to the big guy Satan in his very heart .
To make a powerful qqich .
Go .
It seems that this feeling has been shared by thousands of Muslims rated by their feeling of humiliation .
With testimonies filmed in Palestine .
Classique Schadenfrude .
We doubt it a little .
The &quot; Christian / white / gautiful &quot; West can &apos;t measure the degree of cheese , anger , hate of musuman when it conspirates the genius misery , the social and cultural underdevelopment of the Muslim Arabo world of today &apos;s .
I &apos;m talking about the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers , not about Dubi &apos;s towers .
The past slender , certainly magnified is not a consolation , on the contrary .
How to get the Muslim world out of this evil circle ?
Totally in phase , 2 poisons irritate the Arab world : the biking conservatism of the powers in place and fascist nihilism .
The common point , the freeze of thought and the excommunication ( soft or army ) of its critical expression .
Whether we understood it before , shouldn &apos;t let Muslims back down .
That &apos;s the only way .
Edwy Plenel has he read this article ?
I suppose it &apos;s true in many countries .
But in Great Britain , the fall marks the beginning of six long , dark and depressing months that affect the well-being and mood of many people .
In addition , everyone falls ill .
Sorry pressure .
I &apos;m suffering myself .
When the light goes , it becomes hell for me and those like me .
A dose of vitamin D should help a little for humor and well-being .
The fall is beautiful in Britain , with or without rain .
The campaign in particular is to be cut in the fall .
Not as much to cut the breath as the green guy when everything is alive instead of being about to die .
In Britain , if you have luck , the summer comes at a weekend .
We had a nice summer this year , don &apos;t make your ginchous that brings back clichés !
Not everyone .
I rarely fall ill in winter .
But now I &apos;m retired and I don &apos;t expand immunity to the germs from outside , it can change , I suppose .
It &apos;s not about to die , it &apos;s just a step in a cycle ...
A marvellous stage full of bogus smells , with a festival that drives with festivals like Hallaween , Guy Fawks , Christmas , the risks of coming back and lots of other wonderful words .
You only need to stop doing things !
These are my recommendations for the animals for you .
Yes , these dark and grim months actually make me much happier and more relaxed .
For the fucking of children &apos;s increments , it &apos;s the amount paid by the government that comes mainly from decimal 8 to 10 .
But when it comes to the number of households having seen their tax increase following this measure , it &apos;s especially the 4 and 5 decrees that are affected ( median income ) according to graph 2 .
The removal of half a part concerning the widows is not dealt with at all in the article or rather its impact is completely under evaluation : 230 M euros is a joke that does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is indorent .
And it &apos;s not ready to make arrangements .
Well , we &apos;re not on the straw , certainly , but
For once the PS does a rather left-wing policy , we &apos;re not going to cry ...
It is obvious that those who are part of the 20 % richest have to bear much more than 75 % of the tax increase , why not 90 % ?
Let &apos;s continue to do so and encourage these 20 % less to work or leave .
Well , I know , it &apos;s not politically correct , but I say it anyway .
Vive the Trots and the recycled CIS at the PS : they understood everything .
Adam , you can &apos;t see what you &apos;re looking for .
The proportion is always the same , here or in Bahrain : 20 % of the population has 80 % of wealth .
A fair tax is when it prohibits anyone from amassing as much as he can .
Beyond a certain limit , money loses all its value .
And once it &apos;s overtaken the value of money , money only serves to make money , it &apos;s ) to say to do the misfortune of the largest number .
We are among the 20 % richest .
No doubt also the 20 % of households that work most ( and create the wealth that a part is logically redistributed ) .
A fair tax must allow these households to enjoy some of their efforts .
Or so much lower the arms and living on social minimum , especially if we have social housing .
The utopies of the heads of the heads at the red khmer have fortunately lived .
I did two AirBnB in Norway recently .
No problem .
In one of the two , we had things that we wouldn &apos;t have had in a 5 star hotels and we didn &apos;t have to submit to the receipt or face the slightest trace .
You only need to go to someone , to sleep there , to row behind and leave again .
From now on it will be my first option when I travel .
The logo changed , people ...
Take your insurance before you rent your house .
In most cases you will need a kind of owner insurance .
Ensure to use a service with the right logo !
Ah , 6h too late .
I love Airbnb .
&quot; It &apos;s very dangerous and highly risky &quot; No it &apos;s not true .
You just missed the chance .
According to the link provided in the article :
In his discharge , Airbnb &apos;s response to Teman was quick , almost absurdly fast .
In 24 hours , according to an e-mail provided to Gawker by Teman , Airbnb had sent a police officer to change the needles , made provisions to spend a week in the hotel and transfer 23 817 $ ( for which Airbnb is assured , but still ) .
So why does this article quote Teman complaining he has received no support from Airbnb ?
I &apos;m going to AIRBNB to get like to travel
Hello , I &apos;m looking for people who have already used bnb just to reassure me .
I &apos;m planning to pay a punch and a month of rent , but I &apos;m a bit scared of sending £ 1 600 to a site that I never really heard about .
But where are you going ?
&quot; Supporting the troops &quot; singing the $ Bu to all of them ...
So harmless .
I &apos;m sure that it will please families and relatives of the thousands of Kurdish people who died in halabah to learn that their parents and friends have succumbed to anything other than the chemical bombardments of Sadddam .
Unless the content of the article has been drastically modified by the author , your comment is inhibited ( to stay polite ) .
Also , how would this mass crime committed in 1988 prove that the chemical weapons discovered almost 20 years later were still usable ?
It &apos;s not hyper clear the author &apos;s style : &quot; in search of weapons of mass destruction .
We agree .
You think it &apos;s the time to weaken the army to strengthen education
This is never the time to strengthen education , because we &apos;re still at war .
Alternative : it &apos;s TOUJOURS the time to strengthen education , because we &apos;re still at war ?
We would already increase education a lot if you &quot; have worked 35 hours instead of 17 . &quot;
At the moment , our teachers currently earn more than engineers .
And let us not believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week preparing their program .
But it doesn &apos;t happen because National Education does not have the means to provide an office in college / high school with its pros so they work at home .
A kind of forced teleworking in sum , except that the employer doesn &apos;t pay the computer , neither the internet connection nor the supplies .
Moreover , it &apos;s so much the 5 hours per week and 4 months of vacation that we can &apos;t fill CAPS of men , come and wait .
How do you have any desire to get rid of poorly educated chippings whose parents are crying on you by treating you as something ?
I think that the priority in this area is to disarm the jihadists so that the knee population can better flourish .
Where we see that the Bush administration absolutely did everything .
My first graduate job was in the sale , in London , to earn three times nothing and it was still a job for which a diploma was needed .
A year later , I saw an announcement to be worker for the London subway , it was paid £ 5 000 more per year and we did not even ask for the patents .
I never regret .
On this subject , do not do you if you do not find a job graduate , try to find something either that pays well , or that you like to do .
If I had stayed with graduated jobs , I would still have to pay my loan student .
I don &apos;t like work in companies so I hope in the end to pass either in the civil service or in the university world .
LOL LOL LOL , this article arrives late !
Exactly , when I got my diploma in 2011 , there was already a three-year old arrift .
The best way to reduce the number of graduates without jobs ?
To get rid of Bisount sectors as art / letters / theatre / media / philosophy / political sciences is to say what we call the unemployed degrees .
I have one of these degrees and I ended up working director .
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma but , as the article said , a good professional journey , starting at school and throughout the university .
Yes , the starting salary was lower but we quickly climb the ladder because in the real world what matters is results more than knowledge .
This debate studies by engineer / artistic sectors lasted for years .
Scientists can &apos;t solve all the problems , it &apos;s more important to be able to get up in the morning , to get to work at the time and to interact with people so they can get results .
Letters , philosophy and art are bisount sectors ?
It &apos;s ridiculous .
I suppose you &apos;re talking about the type of degrees study of the media or whatever the missing sector where you went .
Letters , philosophy , political sciences and art are real sectors .
We need people who can explain the big questions to students , who understand the importance of the bases of culture like literature , art , etc . , and put them in value .
It would not be better a real territorial policy to disentangle Paris and boost the rest of France ?
Personally , I do not see the inhabitants of the Finne and Val-d &apos;Oise people doing 80km allergic every bike day to come and work in Paris .
Intra-meatos and the little belt already have many public transportation methods that are much more practical ( metro , bus , tram ) .
&gt; Several safe parks that are safe and closed to key , as already exists in the cities of the north of Europe , in Dijon or in Lyon , will be installed on the ship .
Good idea .
On the surface , space is cannibalized by the 2RM .
Incidentally , we hope that the City of Paris works with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark .
As much as benefiting from their big experience in the field .
Well , we didn &apos;t find any room for UN SEUL .
The motivation seems stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoe ...
Well , it doesn &apos;t go at all .
When we talk with pedestrians and other public transportation users for reasons why they don &apos;t teach me it seems to me that the main reasons that come out are : 1 / it is hyper dangerous with all these things , these trucks , these scooters that drive fast and don &apos;t care about the survival of bicycles 2 / we get a lot of pollution in the head .
The bike paths are apartheid , you have to coexist but rebalance the occupation of the urban space .
Nothing about bike in the big Paris ?
Not a word about the place of bike in public transportation ?
EELV is right .
The target of 15 % in bikes is ridiculous .
I &apos;m starting to believe that Anne Hidalgo threw the Greens in the meal .
Also , from afternoon to afternoon , the VELV adjoining seems skeptical .
I want to be optimistic .
Before the racket starts , it would be better to find who really hides behind this massacre .
Indian : it &apos;s not Russia .
Not sure to like the way the world develops .
It looks horrible .
My children are not a financial asset .
A lawyer expressed his intention to wear the case in front of the ECHR , but I didn &apos;t hear that a complaint was actually lodged .
Moreover , they should file a complaint first in Germany or Ukraine .
I also expect these cases to be delayed pending the result of the investigation report on the accident and the resulting criminal investigation .
Yeah , but Libya didn &apos;t blow Pan AM . No more .
Malaysia Airlines is not wrong , the blame lies with the authority responsible for the security of the air space , in this case the Ukrainian government .
Was the accident predictable ?
Other aircraft had been killed before , Ukraine launched air attacks against the rebels and any plane could of course be considered as a possible and immediate threat .
Has the Ukrainian government taken reasonable precautions in view of a clear threat or has it chosen to play with the lives of innocent people so that airlines pay the rights of overflying the territory ?
Where are all the pro-Kiev troll who defend their usurptor government / the ultra-nationalists of West Ukraine - and who want to demonstrate in great terms that Putin has shot the MH17 flight .
As far as I know , there is already a complaint against the government of Kiev because they are responsible for what is happening in their sky .
The previous one : a 1986 judgment of the International Court of Justice that concluded that the supply of arms by the CIA to the rebel forces of the Contras in Nicaragua does not mean that the United States is responsible for their actions .
No chance that Russia will let this affair go to the ICJ .
It &apos;s funny to think that Abbox means to Putin that Australians have been killed by rebels supported by Russia .
I hope he can present evidence to support his claims .
Up to now , the investigators have said nothing about this .
To call himself Ricaldo and to be such a baby , it &apos;s awful !
To call Polaire is losing the north is happy .
A only Betitian question : is the poor of today poorer than the poor of yesterday ?
I can &apos;t fail to notice that those who criticize the most virulent the Piketty book did not read it !
It &apos;s easy to read , I put a few days .
It shows the statistical evolution of resus-production , reshuffle , unequal concentration , inequality of labor income , the property of capital , deserves and inheritance in the log .
It shows that the concentration of today &apos;s capital joins that of the beginning of 20 ° before 1914 , it shows that it &apos;s the 2 world wars that have reduced the concentration of capital , of 1914 in 1945 , then how the concentration resume after ...
Bernajuzan : you don &apos;t see what .
I ask you how long it took you to read this paste knowing that an individual &apos;s concentration capacity has a few limits .
Secondly , the question is not whether it &apos;s easy to read .
The question is if the summary of the central thesis that the press gave is right or not .
If she is right , we can debate her without reading the book , the essential thing of which is to argue one-way in favor of her .
No , it &apos;s easy to read ...
Bernajuzan : how long did you put to read it ?
Is the central thesis of his pasty summarized by the press false ?
I didn &apos;t read and will not read it .
I therefore trust in the summary of his central thesis and it &apos;s this that seems to me pure fucking .
The notion of gap between rich and poor is subsidiary .
Was humanity not generally enriched ?
And this enrich added to an increase in the population is the real political question today .
Malala Yousafai is an impressive personality and deserves the price without doubt .
But remember that she only has 17 years .
An age that most people are just starting to find their place in the world .
I hope that this price will not be a burden for the young girl and she will find her path to lead a happy life .
The problem is not the price but the political capital of Western governments who want to prove the old saying that coloured perverts are the incarnation of the evil .
All my best wishes in Malala , but she must realize that she is used and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the working neighborhoods of Britain !
Somebody thought his speech was a bit strange .
She thanked her father for giving her a lot of freedom but mentioned that , if she was not where she is now , she would have been married at 14 .
Is Malala itself not part of these &quot; colorful &quot; perverts ?
You should have no &quot; antenna time &quot; on this site .
You are , yourself , a horrible perverse .
It &apos;s absolutely revolting .
No , his father wouldn &apos;t be shit at 14 .
She was 15 years old .
His father leads a school where girls are in school and he is in favor of equal rights for women .
It is , and has always been , to get a higher education and that she has the right to decide herself for her marriage .
But it &apos;s someone unusual in Pakistan , because he thinks that women are equal to men .
What she said is that an average Pakistani girl often has to marry at 14 years , without having her say .
Sorry that she did not express it sufficiently eloquently for you .
It may seem like a contradiction , but maybe she would say that if her father did not give her freedom , she would have been married at 14 years old .
Rather disappointed by this entry into season 4 and especially by Jessica Lange , which obviously has a bit of trouble finding his soy character of Marlene Dietriich .
I just looked at the two modern seasons that are quite different but I have to admit that it &apos;s one of the best series of horror , one of the most successful ones !
A fascinating first episode .
The achievement is close to perfection and Jessica Lange &apos;s show singing the anachronistic Life on Mars de Booie is simply overturning .
I haven &apos;t yet watched this new season ( which will be the last for me , without a bof beef ) .
In the case of American .
But one thing is on , outside of Jessica Lange Except , it &apos;s especially the risks of scenes and of the mountains that take me .
In AHS , we have an avalanche of original plans that makes it quite ridiculous that today &apos;s productions are seated .
It escapes me a little to see you throwing the sponge in advance for the next seasons without even waiting to be able to give them quality .
Jessica Lange is certainly a pillar of this series but , you say so so well , there are many other things still .
No , it &apos;s simply that for me Jessica Lange ( and especially his path and the way she uses it ) is really UN of the pillars of the series outside of the technical qualities .
And well , I look a lot for her .
Then I think the series is written , she wants to do too much at the same time .
The season 3 was slightly below , in the 2 it was too dispersed despite some excellent episodes .
I don &apos;t see them making 10 seasons from American . Horry Story or it will end like 24 hours .
But everyone does what they want eh !
It &apos;s by what I say &quot; I &apos;ll no longer watch &quot; that everyone is forced to do the same !
I simply share my point of view nothing more , nothing less .
The loss of Jessica Lange , JE thinks she will be fatal .
But then , it &apos;s just my opinion .
Let &apos;s talk less about tax increases , please - let &apos;s go in government spending .
No , increase spending please .
Those who wanted to sabotage spending failed .
Defining controversy about relatively small spending positions , like development aid
The problem is that it represents less than the margin of error in government spending in the United Kingdom .
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than the change of direction that voters seem to be calling for and for all that time some , in each camp , pretend that these nuances are much more important and substantial than they are - and voters see clear in their game and find them in bad faith .
Less than 1 % of expenses .
&quot; debt &quot; is assets held mainly by financial institutions in this country .
&quot; debt &quot; is nothing to worry about .
I would not see any problem with the government approaching a third of my income ( even before talking about taxes on consumption ) if I thought he would use it well .
But that &apos;s not the case , and many taxpayers have the same feeling .
We say that Nigel Farage has not been completely honest about how to reduce taxes but well , if you add our net contribution to the EU , development assistance , High Spé 2 , wind subsidies that are almost useless and nuclear power stations that cost the double of what they should have , you arrive at a figure that makes the tax of Labor and Lib-Dem more ridiculous .
Your first £ 10 000 are not taxable .
This means that someone who earns $ 35 000 per year will pay about £ 5 000 ( a seventh of their salary ) , someone with £ 50,000 would pay around £ 10 000 ( a fifth ) , etc . and someone with £ 200 , pay about £ 70 000 ( a little over a third ) .
And the social contributions ?
The more social security contributions , the more the local taxes , the more parking fees and the car sticker , and it &apos;s before VAT .
Almost exactly 30 % of my money is collected at source before local taxes and car stickers .
I &apos;m paid decent , but not extravagant .
No , it &apos;s a problem , of course , I am happy to pay my taxes .
But let &apos;s not pretend to believe that the money falls from the sky , or that it is not important to know where billions of taxes pass .
How can an unemployed unemployed person prove it ?
Even though , 20 % of the unemployed wouldn &apos;t seek , that means that 80 % are looking and don &apos;t find .
Since I am unemployed , do I have any interest in the others trying or not ?
That a potential recruiter receives 10 or 20 CV , that bothers my chances .
Actually , I have not had any news from Pole Emploi for months , does that mean agents are more occupied with inspection operations than really getting job announcements ?
I don &apos;t see the interest .
Because it &apos;s not up to the State to provide work .
If Pole Emploi does not provide enough positions , then we have to do without Pole Emploi .
What is this a sensitive subject ?
We all have rights and duties , in this case we ensure that the unemployed do their homework well in return for their rights .
Just as a controller asks their transport title to users of a means of transportation , a service boss or employees of their work , etc .
Nobody shouts scandal in these cases , right ?
It is indeed good to remember that the unemployed have rights : the only two times when I had a case at Pole Emploi , my rights to the ARE had been poorly established , and on one of the issues , amputé 40 % , it was necessary to fight hard .
It takes some time !
I &apos;m not an expert in law .
Master and control take the upper hand at the moment , while stateless Pole Emploi is close to being , actually , an insurance company .
I would add that the subject of compensation should only concern employees , they are the ones who pay for the contists .
Unemployed policies and French people give themselves rights that they do not actually have !
It &apos;s not normal .
I would add that a worthy unemployment insurance is part of the recovery of paid work .
More than waiting for murderous tweets in Arabic ...
In reality , there must be a direct military response in Iraq / Syria that will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this conflict zone .
The situation would look like the spread of the black plague in 1348 / 9 in connection with the war and the movement of people at the time .
The Saudis had the spirit to ban Hadj in Mecca this year to Muslim pilgrims from the three countries affected .
El Pay reports that 7 400 have seen their visa application refused because of their country of origin or their recent trips .
In fact there was the case of a pilgrim coming from Bosnia who contracted the variation to Mecca during the Hadj in the 1980s , probably contaminated by a pilgrim coming from Somalia , where the disease still exists .
I hope the rest of the world will have the same spirit of spirit .
Are you without any heart than proposing to prevent Eboa sick of taking an aircraft for Europe ?
I thought it was simple common sense but apparently those &quot; who know &quot; decided that we could risk the lives of ten thousand people ...
These West African countries where Ebola is out of control should be placed in strict quarantine .
Nobody comes out .
Only health workers can enter .
21 days of waiting after treating patients before they can go .
If they contract the Ebola virus while they are there , they stay there until they are cured .
These are not draconian measures .
Only last week , people were infected after having had contacts with people in West Africa even though they took &quot; all necessary precautions &quot; .
We can stop the progress of this disease .
It spreads mainly by the airlines .
Let &apos;s prohibit them from offering them steal to these countries .
Moreover , customs agents in airports should be trained to identify people with typical symptoms of Ébola , so that they can be immediately put into quarantine .
That he can get the message from the first person and from the group ( including religious ) second and he deserves the Nobel Peace Prize .
I doubt he is able to erect a dogma the image of God characterized by the total corners of the planet operating .
It &apos;s still far from this conception .
It &apos;s only been for 20 years that the information has appeared like the given premium of humanity , while religion , derived from the brain , runs our actions since Lucy maybe .
What is the point of becoming yet another Protestant church ?
For those who didn &apos;t notice it , Catholicism is largely minority in France today , no one is forced to join .
Those who criticize do not in any case put foot to the Church , only to see the low number of Protestants in France .
What is the next step , take away the notion of sin , too &quot; anxigen &quot; ?
@ rent : Sorry the church does not have a limited vision for France .
And in the world , it may be possible to touch more people ...
@ Marine E , to be honest ( as usual ) the respect of others as you see it preexisted at the christ .
Hillel a century before telling him : &quot; do not do others what you don &apos;t want us to do , that &apos;s the whole Torah and the rest is only comment : go and study ! &quot; .
Christianity goes much beyond a simple reciprocity but introduces the agony .
Your &quot; advance justice , peace , fraternity &quot; but without God ?
It &apos;s a return to communism ? : - )
Next step : we remove incarnation and resurrection .
Jesus will remain this hero who shocked moral laws by redefining respect for others .
Christians will then be ready to play their role in the ethical debates of our societies and advance justice , peace , fraternity .
Not very Catholic ?
I think I remember that the low number of Protestants in France is mainly due to the fact that their ancestors were exterminated then converted from strength and pushed into immigration a few centuries ago .
I don &apos;t hesitate to buy that , the new Alien game , or Wasteland 2 .
And the new Elite game comes soon .
It doesn &apos;t worry .
Personally I would choose SM .
I like Wasteland 2 ( I even participated in his campaign of raising funds ) but I don &apos;t think it &apos;s worth £ 30 .
If it &apos;s the PC version that interests you , Green Man Gamping is currently selling SM at 30 £ and also offers a good reduction of 20 % .
Green Man Gamping currently sells SM at 30 £ and also offers a good 20 % reduction .
I &apos;m going to watch .
Of course not at work .
The joy of the computer department is blocking all the sites .
Hello , is it £ 30 and then 20 % reduction , or does the 30 £ include the 20 % reduction ?
Beware , however : the PC version is only for DX11 .
I bought it by surprise , I bought it , but can &apos;t play it .
Also , I bought it on Steam , so no reimbursement , that &apos;s bad .
It &apos;s time to buy a new video card * do the guy *
It &apos;s a Brazilian site , but you get a valid Steam valid , I think .
Clavel emptor and all this : I didn &apos;t use it myself .
Amazon £ 30 for PC , 35 £ for Xbox 360 and PS3 , £ 44 for Xbox and PS4
Thank you , I would be afraid that one day they would remove it from your library if they decide to crack down on people who buy it there while they are outside the planned region .
So look at the beta version of Elite : Dangerre .
So , was France in 1940 a &quot; purique terminal &quot; ?
So , this Nobel Prize seems to me a poisoned gift .
You need to love France of 40 , the France of &quot; the strange defeat &quot; ?
When you see who gets the Nobel Prize for literature we wonder if Proust or Dotoyevsky would have it today .
The Nobel Prize is not even an event , we do not even want to read the prized authors .
Brazilians , Chinese or Australians will read Modiano who is already difficult to read in French and who describes a universe that is so limited and if you get involved ?
I hope the other noses are more credible but frankly I doubt it .
Modiano , Ly , Musso has only a distant relationship with literature .
Did you read at least ?
Or another Nobel Prize ?
It would be better to judge .
As for the Chinese , Brazilians and others , don &apos;t worry for them .
foreigners are very sensitive to French literature and culture , they are .
They will appreciate .
Modiano with its fair value , if they don &apos;t know it already !
On your side , continue to attend Léy and Musso .
I share your opinion .
Marc Ley and Guillaume Musso all have their chances .
So let &apos;s see who got the Nobel Prize winner : H.
Play in 2005 , D.
Stop the awful .
Since I conducted one in Iceland , I don &apos;t stop seeing Kia Sports everywhere .
I think this thing has followed me up to now .
Maybe she wants to crush me ?
Or swallow me like the horrible computer of Superman III ?
Hello Dana , always hate ?
Hello DQ - no , not today , I took my medals .
It &apos;s Wednesday !
I had a few days of rest .
It was cool .
Last weekend I went to the party of beer and the cider of Novtingham .
It was shit .
I managed to disguise 19 different beers , Wobbly Weaft being one of my favorites .
I was pleasantly surprised by the mixture of people there , there was not only some of those fanatics ( not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera ) .
Conclusion on the return of Sunday was really hard .
Monday night we went to the grandfather of a friend to play the nin brush .
Thanks to a real chance of beginning , I was able to go back with several decent ones .
I hope that if I arrive at 95 years I &apos;ll be as lively as him .
Yesterday evening I went to a boc cocktails in Farringdon .
One of my drinks arrived with a slice of lard on it .
I admire him .
Listen a little Bouddha and you will understand how wrong you are , dear Christian .
Having said that , without wanting to annoy you , I think you &apos;re moving away a little from the subject .
This famous total is banning the quests for jihadists at the end of the mosques .
It immediately points out arms trafficking .
Either we have the big eyes open like Meddeb and Taiha or Boubaker or we have a big eyes closed .
You have to choose .
It &apos;s not by keeping the eyes closed that we &apos;re gaining light .
Excuse me , dear Christian , but once again , you make a monumental counter-point : the entire authorities , organisations or representative associations , Muslim or not , having formally condemned the IS and its crimes , the French , Muslims or not , have nothing to add to these official official convictions .
Who does not say a word about it .
The problem is that people like you see them first as Muslims , Arabs or Africans .
Not like French people .
Unfortunately , dear Kench , Mervel , doubts exist for everyone .
As I said a thousand times , there are doubts about the approval by the Jews of the Israeli massacres in Gaza , but it would be foolish and indecent to accuse them of them priori and demand that they publicly demonstrate to prove to the rest of French society that it is wrong to doubt .
In my opinion , this principle is the denial of the republic and can only help to unlock French society .
There is no doubt , so to say .
Who does not say word , but what do they do ?
Content to a proximity with EI or the conviction of EI .
The silence is very practical , it &apos;s the main weapon of those who want to leave the goat and the knees .
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatic .
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could , during elections , &quot; take revenge &quot; from the parties represented in Westminster because a huge gap has increased between their proposals for devolution and what they promised in the run-up to the referendum on independence .
Cameron must be cheated at the idea of losing all these seats in Westminster ...
Cameron must laugh .
What are these threats ?
The Conservatives are completely fucking out of Scotland since they have no basis .
They can do what they want with electoral impunity .
I don &apos;t think that even Cameron is stupid enough to believe that the Labor losing seats in Westminster in favor of the SNP is a good long-term thing for him and the Conservatives .
Who will give a gun for the Labor Party .
They will be fully eliminated in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP that will cut their head in the north .
Ed Miliand joins the &quot; PROMESSE &quot; thinking that he saved his party but without realized that he signed the death stop of his Scottish MPs .
No surprise that some Labour deputies ask their leader to account .
If the SNP earns 20-25 seats and there is no majority in parliament , even if the seats do not come from the Conservatives , they will then be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to force the Conservatives and the Labor to do what they promised for maximum devolution .
I think it &apos;s rather important .
Not if the Labor or the Conservatives want to be re-elected one day in England .
To quote the 8 % pumps at the expense of 85 % is not a great electoral strategy .
Also , once Scottish MPs can no longer vote on subjects that concern England , Conservatives will win all the votes .
Oh , I think well that he is .
Cameron may not have much to lose , but Miliband .
Maggia did it with the Ulster Unionists and it was successful .
But he is still in lick to be prime minister in 2015 and this since he won the Labor Party leadership .
So , in short , these boxes will be virtually behind each reader to look over his shoulder and see what he says , how he reads , and until the end .
It &apos;s &quot; the life of others &quot; from East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of the FRIC ...
Still the same fascination for surveillance techniques .
In the end , it will have a sterile effect .
I wait for the next ticket : Amazon fabrics VOTRE book according to VOTRE profile and it automatically thanks to an algorithm of his secret !
It &apos;s like the world .
Forgive it .
Thanks for the article .
As under this system , the management of DRMs is not imprinted , it leaves me with the reading of hacked files , books from the public domain or bought with a few editors who have the intelligence to offer files without a lot .
Given the price I paid for the Kobo , it &apos;s without regret .
I &apos;m astounded about the widespread abdication of users in the face of the widespread ownership of their privacy .
You will systematically notice in your general public release that everyone gives his loyalty card ( fan * c , * * iere , ... ) .
There are also demanding masterpieces whose opening and completion rates are probably paltry .
For example , &quot; Finnegans Wake &quot; from James .
@ Thomas : In the age of Big Data , the data doesn &apos;t really need to be personal to be relevant .
Please be careful not to put all the literature in the same bag .
The collection of anonymous data when there is a profile ...
The harvest is not anonymous .
These are the data published by Kobo who are , allowing neither the readers nor the authors to identify .
But Kobo has all this information , he .
There have been so many exaggerated , erroneous and contradictory statements from the Turkish Government in recent days that the country seems to be led by a nursery class full of schizophrenic shit .
It &apos;s even worse than that if you take into account Erdogan &apos;s religious fundamentalism .
It &apos;s interesting that some of Erdogan &apos;s supporters think that Islamic is such an insult that they remove your comment , but not mine . ; - )
Well seen : -P But Turkey does not want to shoot a ball in the foot , unless you gain anything .
If it attack ISIS , ISIS will come back , so it &apos;s indeed a bullet in the foot .
A retirement diplomat writes on his blog : &quot; The AP reports that Iran warned the United States that it would be a mistake to seek to overthrow the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad because it would jeopardise Israel &apos;s security .
It &apos;s not clear in the article if Iran was sending a serious warning of retribution or if it simply advised caution .
This second option is more likely and , in any case , what really surprising is that today the Iranian and American diplomatic engagement concerns Syria , Israel and the security of the region .
Indian Punchline &apos;s reading is to strongly recommend to anyone who pays attention to the details rather than the * nannies balanced by the traditional media . The short article you give is important and should be read , bearing in mind the previous realistic / warnings comments coming from Iran around 1979 - 1980 .
Who are these &quot; moderates &quot; who seriously oppose the horrible secular Assad and at the same time the perverts of ISIS ?
The pipelines policy is pushing the world toward the abyss and I would suggest to those who refer to non-existent &quot; moderates &quot; to pay more attention to facts and alternatives before sending the children of others to fight in the Third World War .
&quot; It &apos;s even worse than that if you take into account Erdogan &apos;s religious fundamentalism &quot; Are there any other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East ?
I have one in mind .
There should be a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks .
&quot; need &quot; ?
Do you realize that neither the criminals nor the victims have any chance of being alive again ?
A little late for that , my friend ...
Are criminals not barely old now , like 120 years ?
A little late for that , no ?
Partly about the triumvirate of the CUP that planned and led the genocide , Talaat and Djemal killed just after the 1st World War by the Armenians , and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a packed place of Central Asia at the same time , when there went there while dreaming of building a Turkish empire .
What a crazy !
An impressive mastery of the sism of the fatal pente , but apart from that , we &apos;re looking in vain for contact with real ones .
That clichés without arguments .
The nursery will always listen to a heart that even beats the sale of a portable mother .
Flesbian couples can simply be a child &apos;s desire and not a desire to be accepted .
Winter couples also .
Children !
What a shame to designate them as future psychological imbalanced .
One day , they will have the age to defend themselves , say that they are happy to live , earn a living and pay for the retirement of this lady ( ? )
The GPA is probably a &quot; temporary &quot; solution in the evolution of the medicine that our world is experiencing .
It does not date today .
Many women went and put children who were not from their husband .
This is still the case , so we &apos;ve been made ...
The important thing here is that this practice is framed so that the body &apos;s &quot; commercialization &quot; is limited .
But cosmetic surgery , cosmetic people are not as commercialized as bodies ? !
Anakronik Fareeheit ...
It is , of course , more elegant to make a good one in a distant country via the internet and Py Pal than to shoulder his responsibilities and to avoid scandal in another centuries near home without shying him at that time on all the roofs ! ...
These practices were not made in the name of the church anymore !
There are only Christians and believers who refuse these practices ...
Nevertheless , the exploitation of bodies is a real problem .
Oh you know , this man is passionate about something .
In the late 70s in the Midlands I saw it by far .
I had to go there the day because I had no right to go there at night !
But if you like that and listen to music - this music today you always touch you as much .
I do not know why there are so many contemptuous comments here about what Paul May says , maybe they &apos;re posted by people who have never been cooled , even for a few years !
I think that in the sports section there is an article on the soccer waiting for your comments .
Super article , very true .
Since the film of Tony Parson , there is a lack of reporting that really reflects the reality of the culture of the north of England .
No surprise that Paul Mason has understood the social and political context properly , he understands things well .
The Northern Northern is still alive , but it has been vampified by capitalism and today it is essentially a surface phenomenon .
That said , you can write a ear if you are in the region of London in November : 99psoul is going to go through some souls , including full Northern Northern , on Saturday 15 November in Betsey Trotwood at Farringdon .
I also thought &quot; always the same story &quot; , but this is a small written article and well thought out .
Your criticism really needs to be more constructive .
Super article .
I admire your documentary .
I suppose you are happy to have escaped Newsnight .
Last train for Wigan de Victoria / Exchange and go down to Wallgate .
By praising bullshit .
Whatever the station before Wigan it was Ince , 15 minutes on Wigan after buying a ticket for the judgment after Victoria !
The beginnings of the southern scene are described in an excellent episode of the police series George Gendy entitled Gendy Northern Soul , which is happening in Newcastle in 1968 .
The business is becoming increasingly poisonous .
The Palestinians have no partner for peace .
Unfortunately , Netanyahu never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace .
@ Jonathan : Netanyahu does not seek peace because he wants to continue to occupy occupy people ( by the way , it was also the case of Rabin ) .
It &apos;s obvious that Rabin , Netanyahu and their electors all preferred the occupats-colonization to peace .
He took out his clothes , the posts on the rock and enter the water .
An Israeli had stolen him .
The Israeli representative gets angry and vocifa : &quot; What are you talking about ?
The Israelis were not even there at the time ! &quot;
The Palestinian representative ( UN ) smile and add : and now that things are clearly established
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the bipolar government of the Palestinian Authority and will not decrease the custody ...
That this dislike the anti Israelis is obvious , it &apos;s not the goal .
Anticonist : But I answered you , I &apos;m translated : the global geopolitical relationship ...
And it &apos;s always so since the politics is globalized ...
Evidently , avoid ...
In the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , for the creation of the Palestinian state , it &apos;s certain , it &apos;s hard !
For the creation of Israel you don &apos;t answer .
What force of strength did the creation of Israel lose ?
Anticonist : the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still a force of strength today !
You doubt it ? ! !
Moreover , all this is not just about Rusell Band , but the Guardan journalists seem to have trouble going beyond anything that it doesn &apos;t have to say .
Many of what he says are only pseudo-chomskyists written by no others .
This proves that you don &apos;t understand what Rusell Band says , or what Noam Chomsky says .
It &apos;s just a continuation of personal attacks and insinuations ( my 13-year-old girl likes it well , which would mean that it &apos;s a question of immaturity ) .
A really vicious charge , with just a suspicion of awareness that Rusell Band says some truths , maybe truths that we prefer not to think .
Get back , this feeling will be more and more common !
I can understand why Brand horrifies some : he sometimes speaks pretentious and after all the absurdities of the tabloids it does indeed give the impression of being a beginnings , but this whole story of not voting has been completely misinterpreted in my opinion .
The general consensus seems to be that it just says to people not to vote and instead to cross arms and ignore the entire political process - but if you look at the interview of Paxman and other articles / videos he posted , he said that voting once every 5 years only for the Labor or the Conservatives ( or the Lib Asks I suppose ) and limit the democratic commitment to that is completely useless .
I &apos;m not saying that I necessarily agree with his solution ( because I think that being politically active by submitting his applications can go hand in hand with voting , since politicians are gigabulating that will change their mind if they really risk losing the elections ) , but it &apos;s crazy to see all these condescending responses that say that Jesus makes Jesus say to the young people not to take the trouble to vote and just hope that everything will go better .
His solution is extremely debatable and it would be good if people were to debate what he really said rather than just label it as irresponsible and put aside the concerns of him and a large number of people left for account .
Yes , thank you .
The thing about the vote was completely misrepresented .
The useless need to slide a bulletin in a ballot every 5 years annoys me deeply , seeing that my vote does not really count for anything .
I want more referendums , the electronic vote , direct democracy and MPs who report to their voters at home .
Also , I dispute the idea that the words of Rusell Band are not the ones ( written by others ) .
He is smart enough to have his own words and ideas , even if they are strongly influenced by the kind of anti-establishment thinkers and academists from counter-culture that Suzanne would like to group under the &quot; pseudo-chomskyist &quot; label .
I &apos;m rather convinced that in a debate he would manage to convince Suzanne .
Maybe it &apos;s what the Guardan could do , that Suzanne does like Polly Toybee and interview Rusell on a veranda , even with the headache of heads added to the show !
Like Max Keleer , who at first attacked Russel but ended up becoming one of his fans and invite him in his program , it &apos;s too easy to attack it without really understanding where he wants to come .
He has a political discourse that has existed for generations , but which has been marginalized by the traditional media - including the Guardan - for generations .
This &quot; frontal &quot; reveals above all to me that the intellectual debate has not been held for a long time in the history of the history where professional historians have become a minority and where the exchanges of specialists have become poorer for the benefit of condensed predédé type Po for press documents .
For my part I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu as well as that of Michel Foucault , a need to attack a culprit , a scapegoat .
They develop both of the very rational reasoning , but this rationality is based on these scapegoats that are the keystone of their thinking .
I think that for Foucault the state was essential as guilty .
This is a very archaic thought , the thinking behind it , which is also magical .
We solve the problem of the relationship with the other by eliminating it .
There is an anarchist , neo-lib and / or libertarian pente ( both terms the second brand a hardliner of the desire to eradicate the state , the first knowing to look for the state &apos;s help for its markets ) in the sense of the least state / not at all state at Foucault .
The old dream of the base self-organizing itself .
His thinking is built on the guilt of the state : without this guilt , she does not stand up .
Who says guilty , says elimination , murder , sacrifice .
This is not a position against the three intellectuals cited here .
Neither support nor support .
The totalitarian left remember the good old time , that of his god then , Stalin , the small father of the people .
Oulala , you probably read a chick too fast if you took Foucault &apos;s texts on the Iranian revolution for an apology of Khomeinly .
Today , even Pierre Manent would not amused to attack Michel by this means ...
Gauto put a deep reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective , on the difficulty of the accession mechanism in our advanced liberal societies .
Whether we agree or not with him is an original and respectable thinker .
Seeing this cabin orchestrated by scientists in the human sciences of the hard left who do not bear that we &apos;re going from allegiance to their mantras , is quite ridiculous .
The narcissisme and the authoritarianism of these people are without limits .
An important point to add seems to me to be the post of these &quot; rebels &quot; , which is only intellectual and theoretical .
The treatment of Chinese and other &quot; yellow &quot; I &apos;ve seen in Russia is absolutely incredible .
You didn &apos;t have the pleasure of hearing our friends from Australia on this subject , then .
And where was it in Russia , that a Russian can meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion ?
I don &apos;t remember when I saw a Chinese for the last time .
In London and they were nice to me when they learned that I was Russian .
In Russia here - in the 90s last time , in a market .
Chinese people think the same of white people !
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and Guangzhou a long time ago , in the middle of the 20th century , and I still hear some of them making a violently anti-Blank statements .
My father is not happy that his elusive daughter is like a Blanc .
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990 &apos;s and especially in recent years : they are becoming more and more rich , prosperity is spreading outside of big cities , and thanks to this prosperity , people travel abroad and see how the others live .
From what I was told , the Russians mainly have prejudices against temporary workers without qualifications from the Caucasus and Central Asia , who work in professions and in areas where they have a lot of chance of being exploited by their employers or facing high crime and violence .
Although I lived on the banks of the Ienissei river , in Siberia .
Unfortunately , I heard the opinions of the Australians on the Chinese and the Aboriginal .
It &apos;s really weird that a foreigner tells me that I don &apos;t support the Chinese , when I met two in my life ( one abroad ) , did not keep bad memories , all people are worth it and , in fact , those in London were very good that &apos;s the only reason I remembered they were Chinese .
Otherwise we don &apos;t remember who we meet , all people are worth it , how to remember who was who was .
Do you know what is weird ?
That you and the other Russian are talking about Chinese as a kind of unique fascination , as if they were an attraction in a zoo .
And yet you always come with this Blanc .
How many Chinese men are with white people , by comparison ?
No , because there is a lot of chances that the parents of these Blanches will attack them PHYIQUMENT .
No measure of the fairness of justice .
However , it &apos;s the mother of all battles and justice in France remains manipulated by groups strongly left on the left like the union of the magistrate ...
@ March : sorry , but the judicial circles are frankly brand right .
When the magistrate of the magistrate , he only returns 25 % of judges .
If a measure of its bias can be made from the relativity of the application of laws in the courts , it orders to remove two obstacles .
The one from the political vision of the observer like that of the judge &apos;s current interpretation .
Then there is the necessary tool of the law to refocus the evaluation on the basics .
The measure of its inobserved in all the judicial acts of magistrates , including including , forces to distinguish between the error and the bias of the magistrates .
It would be useless to claim that the acts of justice do not divide between these three groups .
The claim and the lack of knowledge do not fall within an objective analysis .
And if all of this is not analysed , how can we say that justice improves in France ?
If it is only by statistics revealing implicitly that it is part of the lowest .
The previous preamble allows for a good record of what follows in the third ratio .
One of the corruption * of the magistrate .
Removing a sensitive proportion of the nuisance power * which is given to the judicial institution capable of such a heresy .
The area considered is that of the * of heirs committed until the way of fraud in the procedure * by the following successors mandated by notaries .
This profession gets a good year of 150 million euros while benefiting from the coverage * guaranteed by the virtual judicial impunity * French notevolunteer .
For the understanding of their mechanism , a part has been reported in the comments following the first publication .
Where it joins the so-called statistical improvement * moderate by the previous comment , it is that the judicial institution has produced , in many differences between generalogist and heirs who are reluctant to do so as such , a whole series of cases that are contrary to all the laws favoring the heirs .
Does the presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria is not a form of a form drawn up of lying ?
Surely totally prohibitive prices .
Again equipment to scam the disabled .
We can say that , but my brother has one of these trips every field , built on measure to his size and weight and it really allowed him to enjoy the full air as never a normal wheelchair , with wheelworks and congetful tyres , could not .
Like you say , taste and colors ...
The Tanknecri looks like Jerey Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear .
The Tankchair looks EPLEU .
I think that the creator of the Whill never had to clean a dog cross on a shit .
I am sure that my sister would love the tricycle every field , but it &apos;s simply too expensive .
The wheelchair wheelchair of ultra long distance would be perfect for a disabled person with a pensioner for the long run .
Here there are hills that would like them .
The prices actually seem high , but there are really people who put this kind of price in a bike , so &quot; you see &quot; .
The tricycle every ground seems particularly useful to me .
All the disabled are not poor , however .
Many of them have at their disposal insurance of a reasonable amount .
Only if they became disabled .
The thing is that the wheelchair &apos;s market is a niche , so they can afford to practice high prices for things they know full well that they are necessary .
We can &apos;t really say that the Whill is minimalist .
It &apos;s an example of excessive design .
Unfortunately it &apos;s just a sketch , it &apos;s not planned to make it .
I &apos;m CONTNT that the wheelchair wheelying &quot; long distance &quot; does not reach the market , because apparently there is no way to drive this thing .
Almost 20 000 houses have been destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza , during intensive bombing of densely populated residential neighborhoods .
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockage of Gaza since 2007 ( Israel is the occupying power of Palestinian territory , not Egypt ) .
Half of these are children and young people who are under 18 .
The children of eight years lived through their entire life under Israeli blockage !
unique situation in the world , which is unacceptable , illegal as well , since this blockage imposes a &quot; collective punishment &quot; on all the civilians in Gaza .
&quot; Entrepreneurs who work on their projects hire a little cement to the black market &quot; ...
Ah , it &apos;s not the wood language , rather concrete and army the lady ...
The references are there to support a argument or a fact .
Anti-Zionist ...
Good cement goes in the tunnels !
There is the black market , that &apos;s sure , and recognised .
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockage of Gaza since 2007 .
unique situation in the world , which is unacceptable to anyone who has a heart and moral sense .
The USA has a well-kept field : Saudi Arabia .
Morsi did not have the time necessary to rule because the dictatorship ( supported by who you know ) excluded it !
Do not forget that after lifted it , Morsi reinstated the blockage ! ! !
And I &apos;m a Western , so I approve ...
Jonathan ...
The Bspeakers is Israel / Egypt ...
The children of Gaza live on an underground fortress , edited to the population who chose its masters !
Having a boat is a lot of work , Aleks .
I hope you have thought well .
Couchoug is much more cool than Airbnb .
It &apos;s the very definition of the sharing economy , which is not-for-profit .
Many only look at one night on Couchoverover .
So it &apos;s getting paid ( or at least hope ) in another way .
It &apos;s always much cheaper than a hotel , if you have to look for the right addresses .
Moreover , the owners and tenants trust often stop using Airbnb and deal directly with species , thereby bypassing Airbnb .
Where is the community in all this .
&quot; What is she renting on &quot; ?
No problem with the verb , what is the problem with your grammar ?
We don &apos;t use the word &quot; to go &quot; in the United States .
The author simply used an American expression .
It &apos;s an international newspaper now , in case you didn &apos;t notice .
It would be better to have a good insurance for the ship , make sure that it &apos;s 100 % consistent with all the safety rules and ask those who manage channels and river the authorization to practise a commercial activity ( which they will certainly refuse ) . I have a boat and I tried to see how to rent it ( in all honesty ) on Airbnb , in short , it &apos;s really a nightmare
Have you thought about the fact that boats can be moved , stolen and painted , sunk , etc . ?
The prison is so slow that if someone tried to steal it , it would always be close to where you left it .
Or hijack by pirates ...
All these Somalian immigrants who come here and attack our pens ...
Where are you going to amarm him ?
No Marine Le Pen is not right !
Populalism ?
There is no truth other than the one that exposes the facts !
Poverty is rising in France .
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training .
Increasing wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality .
Who defends who ?
Who defends what ?
In 2017 , the mass will be said !
Capitalism will not become poorer !
High finance , speculate , play with our companies so our jobs , with our raw materials , so our purchases , our food , so our food , with care structures , so our health , with our debts , so our institutions .
They are a threat in our daily lives by the same and our money that they hold ..
All this for the benefit of a few hyper-obese of frie .
Until proven otherwise , FH said : &quot; My enemy has no name , my enemy has no face , my enemy is finance &quot; .
It was in 2012 .
In 2014 , he appointed the minister of the economy a former Rothschild bank , a story of better defending the interests of the bansters , only responsible for the 2007 crisis .
Was there anyone else from <unk> ?
Do you call this how : go back his jacket , reduce his trousers ?
Priprimary and populist response
In fact we don &apos;t know what Marine Le Pen thinks .
Where did you see that ?
Because the Germans refused to rescue the survivors .
I &apos;m not sure that Spee really &quot; refused &quot; to rescue the survivors .
One aspect of this battle is that none of the parties seemed sure of the exact strength of the enemy .
Robert Massie in his book &quot; Castles of Steel &quot; suggests that Spee quickly left the zone because he had received a report indicating a British kid in the area .
The sea was heated at the beginning of the day ; I don &apos;t know if it was still the case at the end of the battle ?
Similarly , the fight ended after the sun sank , making any rescue operation more difficult .
Compare this with the next battle , the one of the Falouines , where , on the photos showing the survivors being rescued , we see a sea calm and in full .
Moreover , rescuers knew that there were no German fighters at this stage in the zone .
Hmm , it doesn &apos;t really correspond to what I remember I read about this battle , so I did a quick research on Wikipedia :
&quot; A certain confusion was among the German ships about the fate of the two cooked crooks , who had disappeared in the dark after having stopped the shooting , and a knee-jerk course .
The Leipzig lives something on fire , but by getting closer , he lives that it was only a wreck .
The Nürnberg , slower than the other German ships , joins the battle late and is living Le Monsheep , penned and badly damaged but still on the movement .
After pointing out his spotters on the ship &apos;s flag , the proposal to go to the ship was refused and it opens the fire , eventually leaving the ship .
Without reliable information , von Spee judged that the Goood Hope had to escape and stopped the research at 10 : 15 .
Requet of reports showing a British cooking in the vicinity , it is going to north .
So , if it &apos;s true , the Germans , let &apos;s try in the dark before the invention of the radar , did not know that a ship had sunk , and so could not look for survivors .
They also thought that there was a more important kitchen of the Royal Navy in the zone that could have seriously damaged them , so in the confusion they disgusting to enjoy their advance .
They were far from their base and Spee was well aware that they should find a way through many vessels from the Royal Navy .
Cradok &apos;s sacrifice had already caused them harm and cost them about half of their ammunition , condemning them when they were finally taken .
Several voices are raised at the UMP to ask that it be written into the law that a definitively convicted official be definitively ineligible .
This is a courageous position , which would also affect elected representatives of the left .
But nooon , it &apos;s a joke .
MAUR THE DECE YOE PROPOPE UNE INSCRIPTION UR MUR DES CONS SES MAGIST
When does a trade union ban in sectors already protected ?
How long will we tolerate this distortion of equality between citizens ?
Introlled by politicians ( ones ) whose vision of society is limited to these sectors , which are always quick to amplify the very people who will enjoy their immobility to block the actions of real policies , which are really trying to get things moving , not the beautiful talk that immobilization is commensurate with their sufficiency .
I met them in the subway at noon with their small banners &quot; for justice &quot; they came from province and did not make the difference between Bercy and PPPB .
She supports the existence of politicized unions whose members put the enormous power they hold at the service of her party .
She wouldn &apos;t defend the same theories if the right-wing , even extreme right-wing unions referred to the target of personalities on his side and led against a judicial and media war .
Your statements are completely free .
If , right now , the right is missing the legal news , it &apos;s simply that she has committed facts that are covered !
We don &apos;t have an example of a left-wing person who had so much to do with the justice but all those who were the subject of his attention did not have a favorable treatment .
On the other hand it must be remembered that the union of the magistrate who is on the left is not the only union of magistrates and that he is a minority .
That a minister supports the unions with so much commitment shows how useful they can be .
@ MFR The union that you mention is perhaps a minority one among the magistrates , but its influence is great at the Chancellie , it &apos;s not a secret .
We now wonder if the &quot; mission &quot; of some judges is not more salir rather than educated .
@ guys - You should be satisfied , the SM is a minority .
What do you complain about ?
@ Piveine : you forget that the magistrates are not civil servants like the others : they are the only ones to have the power to indict and incarcerate everyone .
Jad Goody ?
And if none of the participants ever came back ?
Hello , Karet Wissel .
I think that even the most starving debit of glory realized that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career , so I &apos;d be surprised if someone accepts their offer .
Many used it as a springboard to start a successful career .
The French Directorate fill the stadiums all over the world .
Others then sold many discs or are left for West End .
Popstars , the precursor of all these programs , launched Chredyl Cole , which , in fact , is part of the jud .
Even ABBA , Olivia Newt-John , Céine Dion , Cliff Richard , all did the contest of Eurovision , like so many others .
While others like Frank Sinatra and all the rest participated in competition in the United States .
In the 70s and 80 , New Faces and Opunity Knocks launched most light entertainment stars on British television .
Of course , some have fallen into oblivion .
But that &apos;s what happens anyway to most stars who do not participate in the competition .
Few people , after a tube , manage to do others .
In any case , most singers / groups can at best hope for three albums and a bet of .
Yeah , but now Cole , or whatever its name , has fans only in the United Kingdom .
His celebrity partly comes from his marriage with a footballer who breasts in the mouth .
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson .
It can only mean the end of a career
Actually , it &apos;s more likely to lead to a career than the typical rock path , even if in your dreams you think that all the rifers who smoke from grass in the garage of their father and take three agreements on a school school will surely become stars and the only question is how much they want to touch before even getting out of an album .
And worse than ridiculous : it sets a completely artificial distance between the western public and the studied people - a distance that quickly comes to racism , because the sacrably ethnologists present us these far-off people as infinitely superstidy and full of ritual bikes , while most of their ways are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired , like ours , of practical considerations everyday .
Except that you imprudent in the opposite direction .
Either , but rather than saying that the tap is lacking in a sacred character , it &apos;s better not to admit that our Marianne and our Moliers aren &apos;t also a bit sacred ?
Our way is as a reminder of seeing the sacred as a kind of well-defined object and circumscribed to the religious sphere .
Very interesting article .
It &apos;s Deco epo to mill the void .
Nothing more .
Subbe article , thank you .
The recent Pantheonization of figures illustrated by the Republic is an illustration that the feeling of sacred lives still lives .
Who still thinks about the interpretations of archaeologists !
Any other discipline would throw the books away from any scientific scientists who last the life of a mandarin , rarely less .
When is a criticism compared to the disciplines so that we can laugh a little ?
Because what applies to archaeology also applies to the interpretations given by other disciplines .
It would bring a dose of healthy modesty .
Your contempt for archaeologists is completely unjustified !
It &apos;s thanks to them that we constantly discover treasures , valuable testimonies to reconstruct history , understand companies , and the example here of comparative archaeology is fascinating .
This method is not very old and before the archaeologists were at their &quot; instinct &quot; and their knowledge , and could make mistakes .
Today , we have such good technical and scientific means that the interlation of searches is better but can always be called into question by other discoveries !
We &apos;re there in the middle ( and old ) controversy about the Championship advanced by the prehistorian Jean Clottes ( cf his book &quot; The Chamque of History &quot; , especially the increase in scientific controversy , published in the editorial of the Roche House ) .
Thanks for this very informative article
The heterosexual men like gender ?
For you Mike , I could get there .
So it &apos;s finished between us ?
I don &apos;t really understand why can we not continue three ?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious , made for adults .
Do you really need to fall into the caveat ?
No , but we are not against a theater .
We could not watch a musical comedy on the other hand , it would be too gay !
You could expect that kind of comment from you .
It looks like Mary Whithouse came back from the dead .
Since your test offer is almost over , may I suggest to the Catholics Times .
I &apos;m sure you will feel more at home .
He prefers mixing .
May I suggest that we all look for a newspaper that pays real journalists , courageous , to write on the Middle East , Ebola , etc . at their peril and perils .
Rather than making a laughing stock with these purification jokes .
Not very clever .
Come on then .
If these &quot; purification jokes &quot; are so shocking you are not forced to participate , isn &apos;t it ?
Do you also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola and that it is perfectly possible to do both and publish an article on gender ?
Is this the subject that shocked you , or the fact that people in lazy ?
Nevertheless , we find the amateur video of the crash on the net ...
amateur video of the crash on the net ... ? ? ?
If the FOM has chosen not to show these images is only to protect its interests in no way those of the pilot .
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots , it would have left the bap because at the same time as another vehicle ( debilitating for example ) was on the loop .
But it was necessary to finish quickly before the typhoon that we knew was coming , but for which the FOM did not see fit to advance the time of departure ( TV law , pub , money ... ) .
But apart from that they protect the pilots well .
Of course , I also share this opinion .
But there is also that if the very brighty FOM is getting the SC , it will allow Nico Rosberg to have a chance to fight the English who was then ...
You give up on this blog my dear Dayton .
But it &apos;s not bad , I have a little time to start all your c * * * *
No , just no .
There were lots of conspiracies in F1 , but never one that puts Commissioners in danger of death for a long history of the possibility of a pilot victory at the expense of another .
It &apos;s not FOM that comes out of the bait because it &apos;s the FIF .
size of size .
In view of the amateur images , the lack of image helps the FIF to avoid the troublesome questions of the type : How is it that the Commissioner has a green flag in full intervention and continue to do it after the accident ( see the complete video after the accident )
No , it &apos;s not because the video is deemed too violent that the FIF is blocking images of the accident but because we clearly see one of the Commissioners acting a green flag , a sign that the race can resume normally and that we are more under a yellow flag .
Some comments show a dark knowledge of the F1 .
Yes , dear Eyours , the race is no longer under a yellow flag . ORES the place of the accident , hence the green flag .
This is the usual procedure .
The position of commisaries just downstream of the accident ( depending on the case , it may be 10 meters like at 100meters after the accident ) agged the green to tell the pilots to resume a normal pace .
sensationalism makes the pub sell .
Before I thought the media were part of the government &apos;s &quot; patriotic &quot; propaganda offensive , but I &apos;m afraid that in the end it &apos;s just for money .
And the sex , let &apos;s not forget sex , the fear of not having a sexual life , the pub and the media are good to sell us things that are supposed to improve our sexual life .
The info do exactly the same thing .
Make buzz with info that we really don &apos;t need to care about is just to continue to scare people so they can continue to control them .
&quot; When tabloids are touching on Ebola , we &apos;re all appealing for fear &quot; It should be &quot; derailing &quot; , not &quot; all &quot; .
Given the medical reference , &quot; touching &quot; is much better said in this context than &quot; derailing &quot; .
I wonder if all the people who care that Ebola could start to spread by air realize that they now believe in evolution ?
You do too much honour .
They probably think that this is the end of the world and that Ebola is just one of the signs of the apocalyptic that approaches .
Ebola is Antenchrist !
You &apos;re confusing Ebola and Murdoch ...
Super article , thank you !
A short and concise article that makes a laughing stock of this despicable pseudo-journalism .
It made me laugh .
It depresses me that the media talk about most things with this optimism towards it .
The goal is once again to keep us sufficiently scary and scared ( without getting into hysteria ) for the government to get us to get out when it needs .
I think it &apos;s perfectly logical that if we have to suffer a budgetary emergency in the absence of any crisis , a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack , why not have a crisis in Ebola in the absence of any proven cases ?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises that he himself invented .
Is there something fundamentally problematic with the idea of governing by fear ?
Congratulations for this post , and to be still in this world almost 35 years later .
At the beginning it had to be horrible , given the context of the 1980-90 years .
I &apos;m stupid , live with the certainty to spend it for years ... ..
Very useless patronage .
As always when we talk about science .
Not only does the testimonies serve nothing : taken in isolation , they can &apos;t serve scientific material .
But they have a harmful influence on objective appreciation of the facts .
@ traffic : testimonies can &apos;t serve scientific material .
Maybe that &apos;s why we abstain from asking patients in psychiatric patients when we have reliable comments from loved ones .
My psychiatric file mentions that my psychiatrist mother explains that I was educated telephones by her mother-in-law .
This is therefore an objective symptoms .
When I say that it &apos;s the crowd , it is a subjective testimony without significance .
Ah , because the attestation of a fact ( = here this testimony , which testifies to the contamination and the effectiveness of new treatments ) is useless in a scientific process ?
What do you base the research on ?
On fantasies ?
Do you put fantasy theories and facts on the same level ( which give rise to verifiable testimonies ) ?
&quot; Resilicence &quot; : the phony word aulled by grandmothers , J-L Delarue &apos;s fans , who take themselves for big psychologists after reading D disappears .
@ Jim : There are lots of pizza pieces of meaning in the psychos .
Cyrulnik did us the blow of &quot; resilience &quot; .
Because it &apos;s a great scientist , Cyrulnik , I hope he will have bribbed a reliable measure to quantify it , this famous resilience .
I wonder if the air services could all save us from Farage and company ? ?
Does that not make you think of Team America ?
Seriously , it &apos;s * not * a good idea to bring the Single Studies out ...
And why ?
It was a great series and it looks like those who come out are aware of it !
Let &apos;s leave our salt to the all-powerful who can do miracles .
But how will they do so for children to crown ?
The only solution that comes to mind is humorous humor , which would kill the series .
It was already a series for children .
The children were citing .
Ah , because it &apos;s a series of children ?
USKIP work for the Mysterons .
Keep your Team America .
Always in Supmarriages ?
It won &apos;t be the same if you don &apos;t see the sons and the animation is well done . : - )
I look forward to seeing this ( although being an adult ) , but I hope it will give the idea to a channel to spread the old ones .
The series has almost never stopped being broadcast here in Australia . It &apos;s been 40 years since we have episodes of an hour on Saturday and Sunday at 06 .
Since the arrival of free digital television a few years ago , it is on one of the second-order commercial channels and we can always see it at these times .
And in addition the episodes of half an hour now go to 05 : 30 , from Monday to Friday !
I agree , I &apos;m probably a &quot; sad &quot; guy of 60 years , but I don &apos;t look at this series every day !
There &apos;s no &quot; Mont of the temple &quot; in or under the mosque of esplanades ! ! !
The radical Zionists invented this to give themselves political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem .
Moreover , all the Israeli searches below and around the mosque of estates for several decades have not helped to find .
The meta of the temple if it is there is elsewhere .
Maybe in Argentina ? ?
This guy is not being sought for the simple reason that it &apos;s the color on which the mossad of the mosque was built .
His summit , or drown of the Rocher , is lying in the middle of Omar &apos;s mosque .
For Muslims , Muhammad went to paradise from this rock .
For Jews , it &apos;s Ma Moriah where Abraham fail to sacrifice his son Isaac .
As soon as she was taken and contextualized , there is no propaganda , but information , dear K1K1 .
Israel also has its extremists , it is worth recalling it regularly , and they are unfortunately relayed to the government ( Naftali Bennet , AVigdor Liebermann , and even Netanyahu , he accepted the plan to 2 states , and he constantly raised it ! ) .
It &apos;s also good to show how much the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful fact .
Can God recognize his own ?
The shortest Jewish joke : &quot; God is lauded ! &quot;
To boast about tourism in Israel , we often show young half naïve naive people , alanguies on the beach .
The reality is , as usual , much different from what the publicity shows us , as we can see on the photo that exemplifies the article .
It &apos;s a bit scary anyway .
And this photo is a wonderful propaganda exercise !
It &apos;s a shame that the photographer of Reuters didn &apos;t take into account the hundreds of Palestinians who were allowed to go to the Mounle Mastle and who prefer to give up the loyal Jews in a counterer , taking the Wall out .
@ Mat , if this photo bothers you , it &apos;s right , it &apos;s neither the newspaper nor the photographer , but this woman and the ideology she transforms that you must condemn .
This system is not sustainable and will end up in a mess .
The only way to put an end to this system is the revolution .
Since the economy seems to have gone in the straw , big companies have benefited enormously from their employees .
They managed to convince their employees that they have the chance to have a job and that they can &apos;t afford to increase salaries , while at the same time and without hiding , they have given ever higher salaries to the small elite at the top .
You are right , it &apos;s not sustainable , but it will only change in this country when the workers really speak with one voice .
Instead of going back and sleeping when someone else makes the strike , support them , show a bit of solidarity and understand that their strike is not only about their problems , but also shows your employer that we won &apos;t take people with impunity .
Except if we abandon democracy , in which case if it is tense .
I totally agree .
The only thing you have forgotten is that British and American companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where social and environmental conditions are the worst .
Like , for example , China and India .
All this can &apos;t end well .
It &apos;s because we are in a democracy that it held .
Have you voted for the PTCI ?
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTCI ) aims to increase the profits of companies held by these people by bypassing national governments by secret courts .
It seems incredible , but that &apos;s exactly what the dispute settlement mechanism between investors and states is used for ( ISDS ) proposed by the agreement .
The Greens are against this project and try to alert people about the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives .
It &apos;s only recently that we &apos;re starting to talk about it in the media : Independent Guardan World Development Movement Look at these links and you will understand what is being negotiated in your back .
Did Churchill not say &quot; blood , sweat and tears &quot; ?
These are excellent effects , while digital money has no reason to fall and even less to push on the trees .
The next weak link will probably be the car market .
This gentleman is right , in XVII there were unions in all the devil
In the very Catholic army of France , there is a dimension that is sacrificing it .
Leave it ( finally , its officers , the others , no one knows anything ) believe themselves to be the strong coffer of the eternal values of France , and she will fight and will close her .
And then with the decline of the country , globalization , Europe , the value crisis , in short : the dissolution of the idea of Nation , having this little relic , it &apos;s comforting .
Even if for her , it &apos;s more and more uncomfortable ...
They still lack the slack of married men , calibrates , married women , calibrates , lost dogs and I don &apos;t know what yet .
If you do not write the French correctly , I union .
You are warned , it will be your fault .
In order to defend the categorical interests we already suffer enough the protected professions with unions , which has created a equality of equality with other citizens .
We are asked not to laugh about the fear of the risk of an official .
We can very well imagine a system providing a certain freedom of expression without unions , or without the right to strike as in Germany , in return for the protection they enjoy .
If not , there &apos;s a disaster .
And with the charters that are preparing , the government welcomes it .
What security are you talking about ?
Ignorance indeed ...
Ignorance for ignorance . I was referring to the soldiers and other civil servants , since this is the subject here .
Suppose &quot; through its delegates &quot; in Article 8 of the preamble to the constitution of 1946 .
It will become : &quot; 8 .
Every worker is involved in the collective determination of working conditions as well as company management . &quot;
This is absolutely essential with the arrival of informative power .
And yet you have opened , probably read and then commented on an article specifically entitled &quot; The Great British Bake review &quot; ? ? ? ? ? ?
Wait , the section was there , completely empty .
I thought we had to launch the conversation .
In any case it &apos;s the marriage of Joffrey that I watched , and I can tell you that some have been well organised .
In the Joffrey marriage episode we have one of the best moments ( although misleading : it was wine ) in the history of television .
Also , from the late mmmh ...
Game of Thrones !
I love GBBO !
This is the second time in a row that , strangely , the show ends with a victory of the baker .
Maybe the additional pressure of friends and parents outside has finally had an effect for them ?
The previous weeks , all these external people were sidelined .
And there is also this idea of &quot; playing security , there &apos;s always next week &quot; which disappears the last week .
I like cooking but I don &apos;t imagine myself doing that .
I am grateful to those who do it and thus offer us a great entertainment and push us to try new things .
Before for GBBO 2015 !
I agree , the last challenge last year , the marriage cake , was absurd .
The professionals usually make days to do them and they had to cook one in 3-4 hours .
The three challenges were really difficult to share , I don &apos;t know how they could choose a victor .
In Luis , the only real default they could find was the basis of a little dry ( even if I agree with Hollywood to say that the green icing on the mill of Richard did not give envy , in any case Richard had already lost at the time ) .
I have to admit that several challenges of this series seem somewhat artificial because of the time available .
There is also cancer that guys , with solar wind blows .
Obviously , everything is successful right now .
A bad time to pass for humanity , we hope .
You &apos;re confusing sun with ultraviolet radiation .
The UVs are blocked mainly by the layer of ozone that is formed precisely by the impact of the sunshine wind particles and the UVs .
So , even if the magnetic field was weakening , there would not be enough solar wind to &quot; hunter &quot; the ozosphere ozosphere .
There would even be more , and so less UV and &quot; cancers . &quot;
Fortunately , the layer of ozone does not block the UVs .
They have a lot of useful functions that you don &apos;t suspect .
If we limit ourselves to man , they have the interest to allow us to have os ( synsynsynsynsynsynthesis D ) , to heat ourselves ( less than the infrouges ) , to modulate our immune system and , it seems , to improve our morals .
The layer of ozone blocks carcinogens and let them pass the UVA and most of the UVB .
Do you know that you are not obliged to be condescending and to consider your interlocutor to be a stay when you ask a comment ?
Especially for a minor clarification that was under-heard in the comment , which itself intends to show pedagogy .
Not to say that I &apos;m a regular of the mixture , the UVs only do ACCLER its development .
They don &apos;t have PROVOQUNT .
The proof is that all the bronky people do not necessarily have mixanomes .
Either , when a tub tells you you have to avoid sun and live in the background of a cave , it &apos;s better not to listen because the UVs are necessary for all human beings .
The excess , however , is like everything : it kills .
But for other reasons .
The UVs directly lead to mixture .
Can we apply it ?
And , more importantly , can we go to the mix ?
or go to the mix ...
I think that the majority of those who are interested in it have established that everything can be fulfilled if you apply sufficient force and the robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable , for the use it is destined .
I think that the army would need something more resistant and has not yet adopted the iPhhon6 as communication equipment in the first line .
But for us , others ,
It remains a good choice .
The majority of those who are interested have established that everything can be bowed if you apply enough force there .
Except a Nokia 3310 .
More specifically , is it already in force ?
This joke is made in every discussion .
I decided to count them .
It &apos;s the fourth joke about the plage I read in the comments today .
It &apos;s hard to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that .
Before we install specific software , we imagine the phone was removed from the main production chain and we can &apos;t see how it could come back .
So , Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ............................................
The most likely is that it &apos;s a unit of production on which the iOS has not been installed correctly and which is therefore stuck with the factory test code installed .
I don &apos;t know how they do these things .
But would they put test software on all ?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the absence of logo FCC or CE logo and the presence of a prototype red link .
ah the article for bobo par excellence .
We want products that are cheap and we &apos;re surprised that the industrialists produce an industrialized &quot; industrial &quot; .
But to answer your post , if it is possible to eat correctly with a little salary .
After all , everyone is free to put his priorities where he sees fit .
For my part , food is one .
Come on , I kiss you
We call bobos , or better boboEcolos , people who see the world through an ideological &quot; software &quot; that leads them to disconnect reality .
It &apos;s the total dettch thinking reason .
They are experts in the management , for example pursing to save the planet because they avoided taking a shower .
They are also experts in tartufrenie , joining in this the leftists , which they sometimes come from , for example by condemning CO2 discharges while passing their holidays to the Maldives .
The vast majority of our fellow citizens do not support this mix of red and artufrene ideology as well , don &apos;t be surprised to meet often with criticism about them .
Wow , thank you for this complete and exhaustive theorization as well as for all the associated details ( plane , shower ... ) .
I would like to be part of it but I don &apos;t find myself there .
The concept is not so complicated .
The boboblos are monobloc .
You understood the concept of leftists ?
And well , you can understand the concept of boboecological .
It &apos;s a perfect copy with just an ideological nuance .
The classification would be more complicated if we were interested in the ecoloads .
The boboEcolo is one of them but only represents the most visible part of the Ecolos because it is the one that infers the media .
This is a nice gife .
Apparently , no one wants to watch this gife in the face .
She is so badly made that she looks vaguely to a female nu .
You are next to the plate .
We must be part of the microcosm of art to understand the amazing beauty of the truth of this work .
But you simply have no legitimacy to make a comment because you have not spent innumerable decades studying and pandering of great artists .
The important thing is not that Emin doesn &apos;t know how to design and still seems obsessed with the same subject .
The important thing is that she has really managed to become a great rich and famous person with no artistic capacity .
It &apos;s from * art * .
No , it &apos;s cooking .
The fact that Emin doesn &apos;t know
This is not really a proven fact .
It &apos;s rather an opinion .
Unless the only thing you can appreciate is realistic reproductions of dogs that smoke by playing the billard .
Judging art may be problematic , but not in that case .
Determining , it &apos;s much more than just representing real ones .
If you &apos;re looking for it , a photo device will do the business .
The author also speaks of Emin &apos;s exesperation .
Look again and let the image speak for itself , without comparing it to the kind of design you maybe prefer .
If it &apos;s so easy , why do you not do it yourself ?
There is still a lot to do savings : equities activities , the number of horses of the republican custody or the status of the generals who are no longer in active service ....
Unhonesty means that France is decreasing its workforce , but as all the countries have done , sometimes even more drastically , starting with Great Britain .
It &apos;s only half encouraging ...
The operation without the support , it quickly finds its limits !
A singular approach , when we see the weaknesses , the deficiencies of our defence tool , especially in the Sahel .
A bad blow for the local authorities concerned , who lose a dimension of their activities , or even a part of their history .
Where is the promised sanctuary ?
@ edmond : that &apos;s what I was saying , look elsewhere where making savings but especially not at home , my home is really not possible ...
That &apos;s exactly what you propose to do , look elsewhere where the abusing is certain .
That all those who have lived near or propped up the military thing dare to say here , the eyes in the eyes that there is no money wasted in this permeter and this without laughing .
That we apply the same potion to the public service as a whole and public finances will go a little better .
And for Joi : really relaxed : look at the inflation of public jobs in the other departments and you will understand why the Defense could be a bit responsible !
Well yes , the savings on which everyone agrees that they have to be made , you need to be seen somewhere , no ?
Manque of pot , those on whom it falls victim to the murder when it happens to them , the poor .
We should do it but especially that it doesn &apos;t fall above me because in this case , it &apos;s a crime and not an economy .
Guils , go !
How to close the Vale de Grace will weaken our defence tool in the Sahel ?
As for the local authorities , history repeats itself at every closing post , maternity , hospital , barracks .
But everyone is for savings of course .
It &apos;s weird , a mayor UMP who wants compensation and does not welcome savings made in public spending .
This article is really the most amazing thing I &apos;ve ever read !
This embarrassing moment when the first three people who comment make the same bad joke .
It &apos;s the depressed to get his Facebook thread out and to see that 80 % of his friends started their statutes with the phrase &quot; this embarrassing moment &quot; .
I think they will make a movie .
He will surely be basing himself on hilarious scenes where someone comes by chance on his ex in the bus by going to work and realized only where his judge went back into his trick .
It &apos;s not embarrassing , it &apos;s completely stupid .
Not really , in my opinion the author takes the role of British man typical of whom we have always learned to burn his emotions and burn teeth .
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush , the announcement of his return to the scene after 25 years of absence was something strong .
Do you realize that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to know who will have the rights ?
I don &apos;t have &quot; the internet &quot; .
I don &apos;t think I can comment .
Not having a computer .
My God , I need to make this movie before I die !
I can &apos;t believe how unbelievable this article is that I never read !
Charlie has just shown that it is above the top of the cosmic universe that is satirical journalism !
I &apos;m coming to the verge !
It &apos;s absolutely necessary that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so that they finally have the illusion and discredit the incredible ulgurance and the insurmountable genius that jailed in the keyboard of Mr. Brooker as a divine fuck .
Well God , it was really bad .
Especially if it &apos;s not women , nor is it the case .
I &apos;m a parasite .
This shows a positive evolution within democracies : the rise of regional policies and effective associate initiatives .
Up until now , we are taking away the right to save our planet from states that play the tartuffes at every meeting to save the planet .
So we decide , citizens , to take things in hand .
With the Commissioner they worked for energy , all these nice recommendations went away ....
Tréguez : Eoliène and solar farms are tomorrow &apos;s Rains .
All financed by the idiotic .
Please stop this pro-nuclear discourse .
Pollution is not limited to CO2 .
radioactivity is much more harmful in terms of its waste and in the event of an accident .
As long as the sector is not controlled in its entirety , it is better to limit it to laboratories .
Renewable energy is our only salvation , provided of course that our consumption is drastically reduced .
Renewable electricity to fight against CO2 emissions ?
France is in no way concerned .
Nuclear power is zero CO2 emission in production and epsilon for other steps .
Electricity by wind renewable or PV it &apos;s already more GES on other steps and especially gas , or worse coal as in Germany , to compensate for intermittent .
Replacing nuclear power with wind renewable or PV would run counter to the fight against CO2 .
Christine , I &apos;m not insulting you . I &apos;m a physical sciences in physical sciences . 1981 , I did research into nuclear physics . I challenge you to prove contrary to what I said .
For what I didn &apos;t say it &apos;s you who give me ideas I didn &apos;t say anything about Germany . Nothing in fact you didn &apos;t respond to what I was saying and like all the right-wing people demolish the interlocutor I never do it .
I also cite the conclusion of experts mandated by the German government : the current programme of the Renewable Energy Germany is a non-profitable and inefficient way to reduce GES emissions and should be stopped .
0 show if you don &apos;t count the extraction of uranium and construction and if you don &apos;t count the greenhouse gas vapour of less effect than Co2 , it is true that two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant is part of water vapour and a bit in the water river .
I stopped reading when you talked about Pakistan as a &quot; South Asian giant &quot; ... !
Last time , Pakistan won against Hunano .
It doesn &apos;t surprise me , most Indians who post comments want to read and comment only on articles against Pakistan .
Actually , it shows your state of mind .
It would have been the same if they had qualified the giant India of South Asia ...
I have nothing against the fact that some Pakistani players participate , but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable .
It would simply be open to a Pandora &apos;s box full of corruption and mafia .
As for the ISL , today &apos;s opening match was surprisingly interesting , the Aletico of Koukata is imposing 3-0 against Mumbai .
Pakistan still has a long way to go .
compared to the billions and billions that India spends on cricket from the IPL and now to soccer , how could we one day rival our &quot; noisy neighbors &quot; ...
The Slow Cost race will pay for it .
Bage for such a nice project .
For the incident , the possible lack of design manifests itself only with a cold hellum .
So we may not be in a lack of design , but in implementing it ...
unlike arianspace that is a private company , it seems that soyouz belongs to the Russian state ...
And if the rule is the same as here the state is its own insurer ..
Maybe they &apos;re going to pay the satellites on a frigate that knows ..
This is all the more annoying because many media take the only articles of articles in their breath - and many readers only keep these titles .
All of this creates a false impression that runs counter to the content of the article itself .
In full agreement with you , the title is not appropriate , it unjustly calls into question the project when it &apos;s only a problem of lane .
